["\n\n  This is very good hardware and speaker. However very much handicapped by amazon on software front. It can not understand your commands 70-80 percentage times and very limited to amazon music and saavn. However you can not use any of good music apps like wynk, gaana, youtube etc.Also natural language processing is supported in google products but not in this echo.For example when you say-1) where is agra - it gives you correct answer.2) continue with next query like how to reach there ?Then for 2nd query it doesn't know what to do..This is just an example but most of the times you will find this issue there.Then you can not connect with other populer music etc apps. Have to rely on what amazon thinks os good for you.Amazon music has very limited music base.So looking forward to get more access and integration with alexa however not have much hope since its already such an old plateform that they would have given support if there were any such plans.\n\n", "\n\n  It definitely has better speakers than Eco Dot Gen2 and Google Home Mini, but sound recognition is very poor compared to Google Home Mini or even previous Eco Dot. Maybe it has something to do with cost cutting and Amazon going with only 4 far field microphones instead of 7.But due to it's poor recognition, it takes a lot of time, sometimes even minutes and does nothing... Which definitely takes away the experience. Unfortunately I can't return it... But I think Google Home Mini is miles ahead and better with all the new updates to Google Assistant (Sleep assist and stuff).Update as on 27th April 2019: Software has gone from bad to worst. It plays certain songs again and again, doesn't let you skip. Recognition has also gone from bad to worst, you have to yell for Alexa to understand what you want it to do only for it to tell you it doesn't understand what you said. And expect no support from Amazon about eco devices, it's very bad.\n\n", "\n\n  This was launched on 11th and I got the product by 12th. Plus the reduced price due to sale and a nice smart bulb for just 500 rupees. Overall I think this was super value for money. I haven't used any other smart speaker before but I am very happy with my purchase. Below are some observations :1. Initially it feels a bit weird talking to a speaker but you get used to it in no time.2. The sound quality is pretty good. You get good depth of sound with decent bass.3. Several skills available and you will definitely find some very useful. For example adding stuff to shopping list or setting up a reminder.4. Understands the Indian accent very well. Sometimes I am amazed by how well it picks up stuff.6. Kids love it. An added advantage is that they can take help for homework and talking to alexa also motivates them to talk in English\n\n", '\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0Such an amazing product it responds from where ever I call it from my room . It does slow down when my data internet is over its just amazing . It does play all musics from all languages it can tell jokes ,can turn lights tv etc on or off. It can speak and understand Hindi and EnglishIt plays all songs I have tried Telugu English and HindiIt does play what ever songs you wantAnd it can roast you or your friend anyoneYou can even call through thatI just love it\n\n', "\n\n  It's totally Paisa wasoolSpeaker is loudShe listen well to your commandI'm amazed with it music quality even when paired with mobile it plays loud but struggling to make a callHapppy me !\n\n", "\n\n  Worst software!!! Not even 50% of answers were matched to my questions. Ask anything, it says I'm not sure about that. Not even songs are playing as per my command. After every song it stops. It's not going to the next one. For every command we need to say Alexa. Only advantage with this product is it have a great bass. Waste of money.I asked about today's news and it has the same answer - Sorry, I don't know about what you are asking.OK Google is far far far better than Alexa.Wanna share one funny moment with Alexa...I asked her to tell me about routers and switches and she started telling about sandwich... 😵\n\n", "\n\n  At first i was confused which one to buy - Google home mini or Echo dot. After considering few factors I decided to buy this echo dot 3rd gen.Pros:1) Sound quality and volume has improved a lot from previous gen.2) Alexa and Amazon services are more integrated with Indian market which the Google lacks. For example I can book uber cab,order food in zomato,order things from Amazon without even taking out my smartphone.3) It can used as a smart speaker,Bluetooth speaker and also it has 3.5 mm headphone jack.4) Amazon prime membership at Rs 999 per year is the most value for money subscription. You can stream in Amazon prime video, music from prime music, become an Amazon prime member, free kindle e books and many more.Google takes monthly Rs 99 for songs only.5) You can control smart lights and electronics from Philips, Xiaomi, Yeelight and other Alexa compatible devices.Cons:1) Let me be honest,Alexa can never beat Google assistant, Never(That's why I gave 4 stars)2) It has to be kept plugged in all the time,not battery powered (same is the case with Google home)So if you are looking for a smarter assistant to interact with, Google home is your choice. For all other uses Amazon echo speakers are better.\n\n", "\n\n  I got it on sale for 3k. For the price, it offers decent sound and richer bass, compared to my much cheaper, 1.5k Bluetooth speaker, the Boat Stone 260. It works seemlessly with my smart home devices, and the app is fantastic. It yet doesn't have support with fire TV stick, but Amazon assures it'll arrive by mid-november, so that's something to look out for. The app works great, and you can control your smart home or this dot from anywhere in the world, as long both of your devices have an internet connection. It's a fun little party trick, really. I couldn't be more happier with my echo dot. Also, as you can see in the picture, I got the sophisticated looking white color ;)Edit: It has fire TV support now, it's not the best experience, but hey - it WORKS.\n\n", "\n\n  Rate of speech cannot be altered. Specially in bedtime stories. Children don't understand the fast English.Accent is pathetic.Kids can't understand the accent.It's a good music player but poor assistant.Many a times the MIC doesn work.The biggest problem is the search. criteria.  There is a lot of information which is on google that it deliberately does not pick.  It searches only from amazon search engine/wikipedia.\n\n", "\n\n  This device does not have integration with Fire TV in INDIA ONLY !!.  So, if you don't have smart plug and smart switches then only thing you can do with this device is play music. not worth paying 3000 for getting voice command support for playing music only.\n\n", "\n\n  Why the single star...I am about practicality... it's not easy to configure alexa...very cumbersome process...Alexa app is quite slow...once configured to a wifi network...you cannot really configure to any other wifi...which means Alexa cannot be taken to other places other than your home. Commands cannot be configured easily. No way to configure your playlist. A playlist that exists in Amazon or Saavn is pathetic. No proper way to configure or use wifi that is available in public or your vacation places. The continuous power supply is required. Please don't waste your money on this better get Jarvis or wait till this improves a lot\n\n", '\n\n  Its really made the new device compared to the old model, less compatible. It has changed the power port from Standard most common microUSB to a very non-standard one. Which means, portability from one spot in the room to another or taking it to another room has been majorly compromised. Even worse, the power cable is attached permanently, not via a USB socketM guessing because its a 15W charger, its probably to force users to use the provided charger only\n\n', '\n\n  I have given this to all my grandparents, now they can call me with just their voice. Even if they fall or are in any emergency they can still call me and I can check in on them regularly with the drop in feature.It can also read them the bible and play them the songs they want, lets them check on the cricket score from bed and it can answer most of the trivia question they throw at it.\n\n', "\n\n  It's true that Alexa could more than just a simple voice assistant that plays music on your request.It listens to anything you say and answers smartly. Alexa got an attitude which is quite amazing.Siri, Cortana, and other voice assistants are no match for Alexa.  Alexa acts better than Google in terms of finding information.It can almost answer to any anything whether your question related to history,  IPL cricket scores or mythology. Alexa answers all of them with details.You can literally have a conversation with her and she is a great distraction when you're really tired of talking to real people.The money you spend on this device is definitely worth its value and time.the only negative I have is that you have to connect the dot to the power source. I wish dot comes with an in-built battery backup and it could work for a few hours without the continuous power supply.\n\n", "\n\n  I have a Google Home (her name is RoseDay) and Echo Dot (paired with Alexa) is the new Lady at home.RoseDay is a little Smarter, but Alexa isn't far behind. I have kept Alexa running non stop for a week while we were away for a tour abroad, and i must say, she has done a good job with the tasks assigned to her. . I could control her remotely from my mobile from 1000s of KM away and was able to watch her switch on our smart lights, show us our house using smart CCTV Cameras, play songs at home at random times(i do it just to give a feeling that people are at home even when away). Alexa packs more features for the Echo Dot  than RoseDay (google home). I purchased two Alexa's (as if one wasn't enough) and gifted one to my mom who stays at a different place than we do, so she could speak to my daugther just using the Echo dots.Overall, Alexa (Echo Dot) is one (talkative) little lady of your choice, that your wife will be happily willing to accept to be home.\n\n", '\n\n  For 2000 using 10% off..you are getting a bulb worth 500...making echo dot 1500 which at roughly 20 dollars is same price you get in deals in USA.  So no more asking friends to get them from there!!!!  Anyone sitting on the fence can buy this instead of buying bluetooth speakers.  This is 5th Echo dot including earlier versions and Google Mini doesnt even come close when it comes to smartness.  While Google mini answers google search questions better - no one is buying a smart speaker for that.  Its integration with smart devices is unparalled and my mini appears dumb most of the times.  Just grab this before it goes back to its old price.  Even the smart bulb is very helpful.  While watching TV..just ask Alexa to turn bulb blue or red!! Not sure if this bulb can dim...if so..you can use this both as a day bulb and a night bulb.  Just go for it before its too late\n\n', '\n\n  The product and the idea behind is really good and that’s why I purchased it.But thing is within 3 days the speaker on the unit got blown out. All I could hear was Phrrr Phrrr.Also, when the speaker wasn’t blown , even then the quality was not good.What I think is under discount , they’re selling the defective pieces.I returned this product within 5 days and got my money back.Hope this review helps.\n\n', "\n\n  Extremely overstated product in ads and otherwise. Has bare minimum that it can do as it has only prime music as a source of music. Doesn't understand most of the commands and doesn't have a huge number of songs which are very common, this makes choices extremely limited! Pairing is a serious pain on most occasions and thus isn't much user friendly either. Came free as a result of card usage else would have been hurting like anything. I feel Google speakers would be much better considering it's search is based on what's there on the internet rather than a perticular site or app! Using an android I know what Google assistant is capable off as compared to baby dumb Alexa!\n\n", "\n\n  I  have to shout literally on this to activate this little mad speaker. Worked well for one month, now, sound quality is pathetic, lots of distortion, speaker is vibrating during playing of high notes. And about Bluetooth connection with other devices (smartphones) is just pathetic, no doubt it will connect fast but what's the use of you see lots of Audio lag while playing videos, also if you use it as a Bluetooth speaker then you're gone guys, low sound output and bass is not that much good.Note: before one month speaker quality is good and bass is punchy if you play online song by activating Alexa. But after a month with minimal usage, speaker sound is just pathetic, chik chik sound is coming while playing high notes.I am planning to ask Amazon for the replacement, let's see that experience and I'll update it if they replace this pathetic product.\n\n", '\n\n  This girl rocks.Although I\'ve been an impulsive buyer and owned 2 or 3 stereo music players over the last few years, nothing has impressed my family like this "pav-bhaji".My mom liked old songs, especially in our local language and it is hard to find them in retail market. And in comes this girl. I taught the basics to my mom and now she gets most of her favourite songs by just naming them!Her additional function of playing an assistant is also cool, from reading out the news, telling the time, setting reminders/alarms/timers, notes, making grocery lists, cooking recipes, and answering general questions; she is for keeps.Thanks Amazon, for introducing my family to the smart life. We are getting lazy :DPoint to note... All these services are enjoyed if you are an Amazon Prime customer. Once that is deactivated, you will not be able to get or save playlists or play a single song at Amazon music. You might however be able to access Saavn for music. So, Amazon hooked you.\n\n', '\n\n  I had IR controlled devices in my house. I installed echo Dot and Oakter controller and achieved infinite control of my home devices. Now I just call out, " Alexa switch on light one and my light comes on". It\'s easy to install. You get held up during installation but Amazon has given explanations for specific problems. Plus there is some thing called skill set which gives the eco dot infinite skills. I was able to  cast music from my echo dot to my hometheater by blue tooth. Although I can do it by the line out. But I was interested in doing that by Bluetooth\n\n', "\n\n  Sadly, I had to return it. It felt like a speaker eventually. Nothing to add, Everything felt very processed, I had to ask Alexa  one thing and she keeps replying I don't know that. Its kind of very irritating at times. Only my 5yrs old daughter was interested and wide eyed when Alexa spoke. lolI will start with Cons--You need to keep it plugged as it has no supportive battery.You need to keep repeating question like a parrot until Alexa understandsYou need to keep adding apps for alexa to function and that too does not work properlyAlexa does not recognise your playlist, Its not programmed that way, So even if your have list full of songs it will not play.Alexa only knows Savan and Amazon music which has very limited collection of songs.Now comes for the storytelling and other activities, It keeps repeating the same story and same jokes, same poems. BORINGI could have gone on and on but then I returned it as I felt it does practically nothing other than rubbish.Pros-- Anticipation of something awesome... hahhahahhaThe cute buildI wish they upgrade more and make it more usable.\n\n", '\n\n  me "Alexa,  play .... ". Alexa "Sorry, I do not know that"me "Alexa,  play .... ". Alexa "Sorry, I could not find that"me "Alexa,  play .... ". Alexa "Sorry, I don\'t recognize it"search capabilities of Alexa sucks!! Even when I read out the playlist names as they are on Amazon Music, Alexa can\'t find those playlists. Alexa know a standard playlists like 90s bollywood, bollywood hits etc., If you are looking for Kannada playlists or for that matter any local language lists, Alexa just does not know...me "Alexa, I have feedback" "You really suck!!"\n\n', "\n\n  As an Alexa equipped Personal Assistant , Amazon Dot is incredible. I am using Siri in my iPhone and Cortana in my Windows Desktop. Compared with them, Alexa is far better. It gives crisp answers in multiple sentences and not one cryptic line. For example, ask her about the weather and she tells you about the weather in many sentences - temperature, humidity and the probability of rain. When asked the same question in Siri or Cortana - they say only the temperature - at least in my case.The Bluetooth Speaker barely consumes about 3 W and the consumption rises when used at high volumes. It is crystal clear. The only crib is its Bass response is a shade poorer. Not much of an issue as it uses a tiny speaker. So don't expect a rich full blooded sound from it.I am using this to control Sonoff Wifi Switches for my Home automation and it is wonderful to control all your devices with just your voice.At the end of the day, it is money well spent over a useful gadget.\n\n", "\n\n  This is my second Alexa device , way better from first generation . Sound quality also good . Just got hang once since last two months .I was confused with nest and this because both are selling at almost same price but sound wise this one is much better and if you're confused with digital clokc or 4th generation then my suggestion is no need to spend more than 2500₹ on this devices after sometime you hardly use them or spot any difference from highend version .\n\n", "\n\n  Alexa is really good but once you start copying someone you loose your originals and same has happened with 3rd generation alexa, the creator has lost his touch by making it a boom box instead more of an assistant she is now lazy wakes up bit late, you need to be bit louder now, and as like Google mini she cannot listen if the volume is above 6 or 7, I have not understood why they copied the Googles harsh sound decibles ( that's why I am not using Google I have) and brought 2 old Alexa and now 2 new Alexa even the earlier Alexa has become bit lazy may be it's the upgrade for 3rd generation alexa has caused the lazyness. Otherwise Alexa is way superior to Google mini , I request the creator to stick to your own ideas and not to be preconceived with any opinion\n\n", "\n\n  I was in doubt while choosing between Google home mini and Echo dot but my inclination towards Amazon as a prime member and my investment into Amazon eco-system made me convinced that I should choose alexa over the other.Packaging was very good and it contained the Echo dot and and its proprietary charger.The Echo dot is built well with its mesh fabric design which looks good. It has volume up/down, set-up button with a nifty mute button. It has an ever convenient aux port for connecting to audio system which itself is a reason for my purchase. It can also connect with Bluetooth.Set-up was easy with the Alexa app and there a plethora of skills to try out.Sound was warm and the volume could be room filling. As expected there isn't enough bass but other than that the sound is good. Voice recognition is good and it may miss low voices. The Alexa voice is itself is like a person which is good and adds a personality to it. It can sometimes give very witty contextual answers. It's best used with Amazon products and generally good. Home automation is an area where it has an edge as most of the smart home products are Alexa compatible and generally speaking Alexa is best suited for Indian scene. I can stream high quality music from Amazon music being a prime member to my sound system and have added convenience of a smart speaker. You can find good deals and bundles at festivities if you are planning to purchase it.\n\n", '\n\n  "Worst experience brought it on 12th August already stopped working since 25th September @Amazon what should be done suggest"This was my previous review but now i am amazed with customer service i got from Amazon. The adaptor for Alexa was faulty..so after the review Amazon came to know about my problem and without any delay they help me with a new adaptor without any cost.In this way within a day my issue is resolved. Thankyou Mr.Aman for your promp response and solution will never forget it.so all these stars are not for Alexa now but for Amazon 🙂u won my ❤️\n\n', "\n\n  I thought this could be used in our car as well.. but few feature does not allow it to be used so.. 1). It uses 15 volt power.. while car battery provides 12 volt power.. don't know if the car battery can support the power requirement.. 2). Probably,  the power lead that comes with this product is not USB type universal charger that I was expecting from it. 3). I don't think the speaker is that great.. the sound emanating from is high on bass, I would have preferred Amazon allowing us to mix the quality preferred by me.. they should have added this feature in Alexa, since it boasts to have the world at your feet.Amazon probably would add these feature in their next generation.. but I feel cheated as I preferred to have it in the product that I brought.. not that the technology does not exists.. the sad part is that it does.. but corporation like Amazon will like milk their  customer dry\n\n", "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0Call her 'Alexa'Then she'll control your smart devices.She can turn off and on your 💡, 📺, Air Conditioner, Cooler and all your smart power sockets.Can change colors and brightness 🔆 level in your smart 💡.Can play song, can tell weather reports, can tell your order status from amazon.Alexa can detect your voice even your next to that room. Live demo available in my uploaded video 🎥👍 if you find this review helpful.\n\n", "\n\n  although speaker/sound quality is good at this price but it does not satisfy its actual purpose that is conversation/query. If you are buying this product to answer all general queries/conversation for you/kid then its a waste of money i would suggest to buy google home or wait for next version of google home.it has limited skills and once you add a skill you have to specifically tell alexa to use that skill to answer your query. Alexa dont have enough smartness to pick best answer out of all enabled skills.if you ask alexa for joke it will play same jokes in same sequence everytime, that's pathetic.\n\n", '\n\n  It’s an amazing product to have, especially the integration with your google calendar and tons of skills to play around with. Though hoping there will be more better software updates, butIt’s a bang on product for the price. Bought wipro bulb and echo dot together for 2449Rs and then returned the wipro bulb and got back 700Rs. So got the Alexa for just 1750Rs, which is truely a bang on for a smart assistant and a Bluetooth speaker ;)\n\n', '\n\n  Very nice product no doubt about it., All in family will be excited about it for a week or more but then the excitement will slowly wade away and coming to the real issue alexa is very poor in integration. Search is not very good and most of the music is from Amazon Music Library and if you do not have Prime membership there is no point in buying this as most of the music is from Amazon music library. I got along with the free wipro wifi led light. It always has doubt when asked to switch the lights on. Good thing is the sound quality is top notch for the device that is so small and alexa can hear your command even 50 mts away in a noisy environment. That is something to cheer about, otherwise it needs a lot of improvement in its search capability.\n\n', '\n\n  This review is for the Echo dot (3rd gen).On the Hardware front, the device is quite good(maybe best in the market) at this price, only one thing I would want it to have is a battery inside as you have to connect it to a power source always, which makes it less portable and for scenarios when there is an electricity cut (well we live in India-a developing country, here many areas even in the top cities don\'t have 24 hrs of electricity, Amazon would have considered this)The software front is just average.If you have used google assistant(Ok Google) on mobile/any device then you can think as Alexa answers just around 50% efficiently compared to google assistant (according to me). Alexa doesn\'t understand follow-ups like google assistant, every time you have to say "Alexa" first for everything, and it also doesn\'t understand many basic questions (like what are the flights from Jaipur to Delhi?, who played most IPL matches?-->it just says I don\'t know the answer), you have to be more specific in framing your query for Alexa, it is also not as good as google assistant with the Hindi language. Google Assistant is much more friendly than Alexa, with all that said I would say Alexa is about Half as smart as Google assistant.Only one thing good on the software front is it has the biggest Skills\' library so you can automate/routine many things.On the last note, I would say this device is good to control smart devices in your home(like smart bulbs, plugs, appliances, etc), doing routine stuff like reordering regular things on Amazon(like grocery, etc), reorder foods, book cabs, etc. and obviously to listen to music online.I never own any google smart speaker, but with my research, I think Echo dot(3rd gen) is better on the hardware front and google nest mini(2nd gen) is better on the software front, well, it depends on you which to choose.\n\n', "\n\n  I will first give the steps to connect succesfully; for a brief general performance review, you may scroll down please.To successfully pair your phone, wifi and echo:1. Plug your echo on and download alexa on your phone.2. From the alexa app, pair your phone with your echo device first to establish the first connection between your phone and your echo.3. We need to set up wifi access on echo so that alexa on echo can be alive. To do that, after you've paired your echo with your phone, proceed to where you can search for the available wifi networks. Connect to your wifi network on alexa app by entering your wifi password. Post this, your echo should be connected to wifi and alexa on your echo should be online.4. You can pair alexa with any bluetooth speakers if you have any. You may also pair your phone with your echo with bluetooth so that you may play your local AV via your echo. Yes you can play music from phone. To connect to bluetooth, enable pairing on your echo. To do that, command, 'Alexa pair' and you should hear alexa respond. When she does that, she is ready to pair; open your phone's bluetooth settings and connect to your echo. The connection should now be successful.5. Develop skills for alexa and keep interracting with her so that your relationship blooms. Any relationships are funny to understand at the beggining. Believe me, there is a deep meaning and truth in my previous sentence.As for the performance part, there's no compromise from my point of view and your echo dot can easily compete with most advanced dedicated speakers of its size.The bass is pretty decent. The treble is at a good feel as well. At full volume, there is no screeching or dampening. The sound is premium than previous echo dot.Echo plus will obviosuly nail it, way better than dot, so please do not compare plus with dot. Both peform exceptionally based on budget.You cannot wire in audio to your echo dot (nevertheless, you can bluetooth in your audio), but you can wire out to external speakers. When wiring to your external speakers maintain 15cms for optimal performance.I hope this helps. Peace'o & cheerios folks :)\n\n", "\n\n  Great Device, I'm still learning what Dot can do. Easy and fun to use, it Tells you everything, bad part it will not play recent news, or live news, more issues while connecting the device from Bluetooth, sound recognition is very poor compared to Google Home Mini..some times it says 'can't find it on the web'!!! I think there is a lot of improvement needed ..Need prime membership to play good songs, all songs are not available.... unable to play YouTube...best part of Alexa is that she can set multiple alarms and reminders. You can ask her any random questions, calculations, general knowledge etc. Hope Amazon will be enabling Alexa with more skills...\n\n", '\n\n  - The Alexa app is useless when it comes to some configuration changes.- It does not change the WiFi connection. Tried with 2 different phones Android and IOS, but could not change the WiFi connection.- The choice of music service is very limited. Just Gaana, Saavn and Amazon Music is available. You cannot configure, change, remove or add other music services. And for some reason the device only uses Gaana and Saavn and never uses Amazon Music.- The Bluetooth is of Out mode. Means you can play music from Alexa on other devices. But you cannot play music from your phone via Bluetooth on Alexa.- Like the Bluetooth, the 3.5 mm audio jack is also of Out mode. Means you can play music from Alexa on other devices with AUX cable. But you cannot play music from your phone or small mp3 players via AUX cable on Alexa.- The Alexa voice command is definitely Not that effective or responsive as it is claimed or advertised.- It cannot help kids in pronunciation of words. If they spell the word to the device and ask for its pronunciation; the device is confused.- Sound quality is good. But not worth the money.- Ohh Great! now while I compiled my review, Amazon reduced the price by 500 to Rs. 2999 from earlier Rs. 3499. Now this is really Pathetic.\n\n', '\n\n  1. Very high data usage - I have been using Echo Dot through my mobile hotspot, it was working fine until a month back since when it has started to consume huge amount of data over hotspot. Today it consumed around 800 MB while I connected it to my hotspot for around 20 mts and played on songs in that time.I have been facing this issue everyday for almost a month now. All of my data is getting exhausted in trying to operate Echo Dot!2. Unable to process requests - Since last month it has not been taking commands well, and no matter how clearly you command it plays something else most of the times.I do not know how to contact product service team/Amazon representatives hence mentioning the issue faced here. Hoping to hear back from concerned representatives.Regards,Vikram\n\n', '\n\n  * Best ever sound quality* Quick response time as compared to other AI speaker* Perfect rim/multicoloured light over the top to explain/assist all the activity* Simple app to operate this device* scope to build own/personal Alexa skills* perfect for old aged people/ less tech friendly as wellMy Mom and Dad (not tech- friendly) likes this device that is surprising for me as they see this as a single device, alternate for Radio, News channel, assistant, music player and fun.\n\n', "\n\n  New edited review:The issue mentioned below was again seen in new device and then i figured out i had not removed the plastic strips that covered the mic! Amazon should put a note asking users to remove it before use! This was obstructing my commands. All ok now.Old Review:It took a lot if issues while setting up with app. Luckily am tech savvy so figured out.. also - It doesnt register any commands while giving an output. So if i ask it to play a song it will but when its playing a song i ask to stop or go to next it doesn't register the command and i have to manually hit the action button to give a command. Have ordered a replacement. Fingers crossed for the next piece\n\n", '\n\n  Overall product is very good. I really loved it.But, I returned this product because it\'s "Made in China".I proud to be Indian and I respect my country and our soldiers.If Amazon can give me choice to buy same product made in different country, then I will surely buy it again.\n\n', '\n\n  I was pretty confused between google home mini and this one.  So decided to give it a try first.I planned to return it back once I feel like I am not that impress. But guess what, once I had hands-on, I felt like I am never gonna find any con here. I just configured everything and started using it right there.Topmost and most imp - Music quality is highly impressive. I am already done with those excessive bassy audio equipment that I have in my home - Sony 5.1 Home theatre and a jbl charge 2+.Bass is cool but its not so cool when it comes to playing music all day long.  And this echo dot fulfilled the purpose. Bass is pretty decent and mids and highs are quite crisp. It clearly sounds like some expensive device.  Besides, it plays by itself. so your phone doesnt stay occupied.It is smart enough in thousands of skills that now I dont have a second thought of returning it.I purchased wipro bulb combo at 2300.One of the best feature here is broadcasting.  I dont like making phone calls once I am outside. Alexa app allows me to type a broadcast message and send it to my home just with few clicks.Futuere is here guys.  Give it a try.  All good so far.\n\n', "\n\n  Don't buy it.....!!!!!!!!!!!!!Product build quality was nice but the compared Google mini software was not to the mark ,details answering was irrelevant to the question...music support was generally with Amazon music playlist not overall but in Google mini as it was Google product search overall....not satisfied with response and answers....only alarm,time weather it's ok but most of the things were not good on software side....even app gets crashed frequently...I purchased syska smart bulb in prime day as combo....but it is connecting with echo dot...as per the setup process smart skills has to be selected but syska smart skills was not available in echo dot smart skills....then what purpose u d selling combo.......\n\n", "\n\n  Review after 1 week.It's look like very premium and stylish the sound quality also not bad...But think twice before spending 4k because with in this price range you will get better speaker than this. As a user right now am feeling that it's is nothing more than a speaker.... Why???1. it's very difficult to connect with your phone.2. Need always internet.3. It can use for setting alarms but no inbuilt battery so you always need to connect with power point.4. Don't have usb port.5. Till now am not able to play music from my device memory because it's not paired with Bluetooth bz it's not user-friendly finally I have contact customer care for the same, issue yet to solve but getting proper response from them.This comment is made by my experience so please go through others experience also...\n\n", '\n\n  Well I bought Alexa on 19th May and writing this review on 19 th June.. so far my experience with Alexa is as below .All-new Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa (White) : Echo Dot is awesome, it is batter then Google Home in terms of connecting your Smart TV. It is even batter in understanding your requirement. Pros and Cons as per my 30 days usage along with Google Home is as below.Pros.1) Looks very decent2) Buttons are on TOP so you will not press any button mistakenly while moving your eco dot.3) Lights are on side and in all direction, so it is easy to view that Eco dot is taking your command.4) As per my observation, Speaker and Mike are not the same, as It takes your command from quite a distance even though speaker volume is set to 3 or 4.5) You can give command from almost 10 feet with your normal voice, you need not to shout or need not to raise your voice to give command6) Connect Smart TV very easily ( I have connected my SONY Bravia 55\'\' X8200 E Smart TV )7) You can change volume and change Channels by simply saying channel number or name " Alexa change channel to Star Movies HD " or " Alexa Next channel" or Alexa change channel to 251" and "Alexa increase / Decrease volume to 50% on my TV" "Alexa Switch on my TV", " Alexa Switch off my TV"8) Sound quality is very good.9) You can connect external home theater speakers with it with help of RCA adapter cable.10) Can pronounce your name in Indian Accent11) It has a very good collection of songs, so you can enjoy the songs as per your mood and day night situations.12) It was not understanding hindi before but now Alexa can understand little hindi too.13) Last but not least, It gives detailed answer for your questions or queries or it can tell even your horoscope or your favorite recipe, It can play radio FM, distance, book cab, book Food, add things to your Amazon cart and many more.. and More...Cons.1) It has a room of improvement2) Still baby and learning many things, so don\'t expect answer for all your questions3) Still can do very limited after connected to Smart TV, it can not open Applications like you tube or Sony liv, Hotstar, Zee5. So you have to depend on your TV remote for this.4) The biggest limitation is, It has to be connected to power plug and socket, you can not take it in your CAR ( You can take Google home in your car or you can connect Google home anywhere as Google home has power connector same as Mobile phones)5) It can not understand many Indian words, like I tried " Alexa Riston me darar aai by Jagjit singh ) it never understood it while Google home can even understand one word like " Hey Google riston me darar aai"6) You still can not call on mobile, can\'t send SMS.\n\n', "\n\n  I like Alexa and the features. But rated 3 due to the below facts.- No inbuilt battery. A big minus. In today's mobile world, you cannot enforce the device to be plugged in always.- No USB charging facility- Alexa app is horribly slow- The moment your wifi connection changes, it cannot detect. You need to reconfigure itPlus features- Device shape is great- Sound quality is superb- Voice response is awesome\n\n", "\n\n  The feature of Alexa Calling works only with contacts who have the echo devices. In short, you cannot use to call the mobile or phone of your contact list if the other person doesn't own another echo device. This is too absurd and a feature which should be clarified to customers in marketing communication.The voice recognition and song lists is another area which needs a lot of improvement. Until and unless the song is shared exactly as it is listed with starting words, Alexa doesn't identify it. Also, it does not play My lists in Amazon music. It is a challenge to keep repeating the command with numerous voice modulations and starting point so that Alexa plays the right song. It is a real pain.In short, in my opinion, Amazon should pay the early users for giving it a learning experience rather than charge money for such half baked product. Amazon is actually using the early users to improve Voice recognition technology and reporting the glitches of the product...\n\n", "\n\n  I feel like I should have bought Google device in stead of this one. Alexa simply fails to recognize hindi and Marathi songs when asked to play. Now after one year plus later I realized that I use it only for switching the lights on and off. Other than that it as usual fails to recognize the commands. You cannot play songs from YouTube. Overall I feel like I shouldn't have bought this. I spoke with couple of my friends and they also faced similar challenges.Update on Feb 16th 2021 : After posting my review I got a call from Amazon and the executive asked to test the device while he was there on the call. As expected it failed to play the songs. Then executive told me that it seems you've got wrong device, it is meant to cater to US region and soon we'll replace your device with the one meant for India region. I was assured that they'll replace my device but no time-line given. I could see the order in my Amazon order list but today, after almost a month the order was cancelled! So it's a big no from my side if you are planning to buy alexa device!\n\n", '\n\n  Like:1. The product is good for listening to random music playing in you room2. It is shape, size and look are appealingDislike:1. Sound quality is poor, more often than not you find the sound quality muffled.2. Volume sometimes feels weak, it should have been a bit higher3. It can used as a Bluetooth speaker for random song playing from your phone but you can’t use it to listen to audio content like watching an audio clip / series / Netflix etc. in such a scenario the audio is muffled and difficult to comprehend.4. It’s plays music from Amazon music which lacks variety in its music. We’ll also know it’s nothing like YouTube library5. Finally, when Alexa doesn’t even understand or comprehend your request, it gets annoying to the next level.6. Volume is audible in limited space… you’re room for example.Conclusion: it’s a device good for listening to random music in your room playing constantly in the background while you’re at your chores.I got it coz I didn’t have a secondary phone to play music on my Bluetooth speaker.\n\n', '\n\n  I seriously hate saying "Alexa" now. Voice recognition is the worst thing I have experienced in this device. I just use this in a small 10x10 room and most of the time I have to repeatedly repeat and repeat or even yell "Alexa" to wale the device.I never expected to get such experience from this device after going through ratings and reviews of the device. I was confused between Google Nest Mini and Alexa Echo Dot 3rd Generation and only choose this because of AUX output which was really useful feature but just after few hours since I am using this, I am really frustrated with it. I have tried resetting the device and voice training it but nothing helped. It is placed just 2 feet away on bedside table and no noise but it still won\'t get the word "Alexa" or understand most of the time. I have to always repeat myself and speak louder. Far field microphone feature on the device description says it can hear you from across the room. Seriously!!? It cannot even catch the "Alexa" word from 2-3 feet away and if its playing music even on low volume then it won\'t work at all and I have to yell "Alexa" many times from a feet or even closed to make it stop.Even it\'s Alexa assistance doesn\'t get me most of the time and just goes dormant without any response.Very disappointed with it. Going to return it now.\n\n', '\n\n  What an amazing product? A must have for all home. Spend some more money in the smart home accessories and you can use its full power. At its price point it is the best speaker available in the market. However if you have any costly speaker system in your home connect it wirelessly . I use my BOSE speaker system quite seamlessly.\n\n', "\n\n  I would look out for a book like Alexa for dummies.Too smart device. It's functionalities can be endless, one should know how to leverage them.Sound quality is good.I like the way. The devices gets ready and sharp to hear as if with ears !! once you call out ALEXA.Sarcastically told my wife, u never allowed a dog to enter the house. here comes the smart bitch.😉\n\n", '\n\n  Well amazon did a great job they explain every pros on their details*Only thing is alexa is in beta stage may be it will take some more years for this AI to work like google assistant, because most of the time alexa says " मूझे नही पता"*Interaction in hindi is better than google assistant*Sould quality is better than my expectations*Got it on amazon GIF with wipro bulb @2300rs with 100 of cashback ✌🏻* in winter season i don\'t need to go out from my quilt to switch of my home devices 😂😂 Thanks amazon* Good for my parents as they can ask most of the things to alexa because they r in a phase of learning smartphones features* Only buy if u heave a wifi router, will not work good with mobile hot-spot* Smart devices most of them only supports 2.4Ghz wifi router* Smart devices cost a lot as compare to normal electronics, with this speaker u need to spend extra bucks to make your home more smarterPS- Add motion sensing LED to ur home with smart LED ... It looks cool and u dont need to shout a lot to turn it off or on and the bottom line is they r more cheaper ✌🏻\n\n', "\n\n  worst product amazon released into market in a hurry. Here are some, if not all, of the issues:1 - No sound clarity. Even from 4 feet one cant understand what alexa saying. muffled voice2 - Limited capability. Other than weather it doesn't know any significant much. I didnt buy it for weather or switch on a bulb.3 - Dont understand english language properly.4 -Its useless overall for anything and for anyone, be it kids or adults.Amazon has a long way to go before it can make it usefull.\n\n", '\n\n  Alexa is so stupid, which you’ll realise once you buy it. There are other brand devices that are more intelligent and more useful. For a silly example, you can’t say “Alexa, switch on Bedroom light” at once. Instead, you have to first say “Alexa”, and wait until it responds, and then tell what you want Alexa to do as a separate command. Another example, if you have 2 lights named as “Hall light 1” and “Hall light 2”, and you ask Alexa to switch on “Hall light 1”, most probably Alexa will ask you back “There are multiple devices named Hall light. Which one do you want to switch on?”. That means while talking to Alexa, you’re not allowed to change your mood or tone until the command is complete. Theirs example, if you happen to start asking slowly to Alexa, “Alexa, I want to ask you about...”, immediate Alexa will reply you “Here is what I found on the web about ‘I want to ask you about’”, without even allowing you to complete your question.\n\n', "\n\n  We purchased Gen3.  The voice of assistance is too heavy. No equalizer settings.  App has a very poor design and functionality.  Sound of music is rich, but very poor in high frequency (treble), bass is good as per the size of speaker.  Overall, good to hear music.  AI is just okay, has very limited AI features, Mobile's Google voice is way more intelligent in answering questions.  Good for wakeup alarms and listening music.  Apps like spotify is very poor as opposed to Advertisement shown.  Youtube selects better song lists rather than Amazon's music or Spotify.  Gaana is still better, but way behind Youtube.  Crux: If you have a small and good quality speaker system, just pair with your mobile and it shall be better; more better if use an old phone as no sms & phones shall disturb.  These smart speakers are always listening (except for mute) ... always leaves me in doubt.\n\n", "\n\n  In a word... Just fabulous...Not that much works in queries like Google. But GK level is quite good.For music it's outstanding.Voice recognition, sound quality, the LED ring ... All experiences are just awesome.Don't know about Home assistance, didn't try but didn't work to call or message on any number. Whom you are calling need to be added with your Alexa Profile. Of course you won't give access to outsiders. It's only use for family members only. So it's not useful that much.But After all these ifs & buts... Me & my family members like it very much..\n\n", '\n\n  first of all the alexa  app itself is around 79MB, the app response is dead slow. i got frustrated by the time it took to move from one screen to next screen. above all echo dot 3rd gene doesn\'t connect any of my wifi networks throwing the error" registration failed try again later" while my amzon fire stick works perfectly with all net works. i am very disappointed with the device , actually so excited to use this as i am a die hard fan of amazon but now i had return it.\n\n', "\n\n  I read a number of reviews where people trying to connect it to their phone hotspot are not able to. The solution is to in reading the instructions carefully. If you want to connect to a hotspot don't select the phones WiFi network during setup on alexa app. There is a separate option at the bottom (where the wifi networks are listed) to connect to the phone hotspot. Next, in the hotspot settings of your phone check that you have allowed unknown devices to connect. For example, in Samsung phones by default it allows only known devices to be connect to the the hotspot. Turn off the setting and Echo will connect to the phones hotspot. I have two wifi networks configured for my echo. If my first network goes down, Echo switches to my phone hotspot easily. Just read the setup instructions carefully.I bought it for automation and multiroom music streaming. It fulfills the purpose to a large extent. However, I feel that Amazon should have given more granular control of volume. The 10 level volume doesn't give you much control and sometimes going from (say) level 7 to level 8 is too much of a jump. Secondly, the volume of alexa and the connected speaker doesn't sync. Each has to be adjusted independently. In Samsung phones you have the option to bind the phone volume and speaker volume. This sort of function should be there. Apart from this, the third party development and support for the connectedness devices is excellent and I feel it'll trump Google home in some time. That ways I can see it as a much more future proof bet.\n\n", '\n\n  So I wanted a device to control my smart home devices via my voice so I bought the echo do, I got a really good deal as I paid just 3.6k for it (The actual retail price is 4.5k).So i v already owned an Alexa for a while .And there are a lot of things that it can do but it also lacks in some places .Pro\'s:1. Works great with automation and wifi devices (switches , light etc).2.pretty loud for the sound .3.mic\'s are great can pic the sound really well.4.robust design .5.can perform tasks related to amazon and some other apps like zomato , ola , ndtv , aajtak , saavan and a few more .Cons:1. Cannot play music from spotify , although Spotify is now in india the echo dot doesn\'t support it in India it ll say that Spotify is not available in your region.2.cannot do Google related tasks , for example if I ask it for the "price of Hayabusa" it search\'s for Hayabusa on amazon and tell me the price of random toys , has issue with SEARCHING for stuff.3. Lacks a lot of voice features and has some glithes like when u tell it to start stopwatch it asks me for alarm .4. Heats up a bit on the top .5.wifi coverage isn\'t the best .Well If you are looking for good sound and not so many voice features then echo dot is for you , but if u want to person searches and play music on Spotify then I feel google home is a better option.Alexa can get better in the future but for now it lacks quite a lot of features\n\n', "\n\n  Overall good product. With double offer it was reasonably priced. Good voice recognition. The sound and it's quality could have been slightly better. However I feel only people with Amazon prime will benefit from the Amazon music. Otherwise I'm not aware of any other way of listening to music as of now. Pandora is not available in India. It may play from web? Not sure of that.There is an option on asking for a radio station where it tunes and plays songs from it. Did not try and the video was American. Voice recognition is spot on. With Amazon prime there is option to shop online through alexa, good list of songs such that u can say a song name or artist and Alexa will play. Intelligent enough ai that I felt like iron Man talking to Jarvis.\n\n", "\n\n  I'm a tech-savvy guy, I own both Google Home Mini & Echo Dot 3rd gen.Bought this on Great Indian sale for just 2999/- only.Reviewing it after 2 weeks of using it.Okay, my first thought was how much Alexa is suitable for the Indian Audience. Ans? Totally worth it.Setting up Alexa using the Alexa app is critical not that tough if you know what features/skills you want to use on Alexa.Alexa can recognize Indian accent very much like Google Assistant. Shocked? You better be, that the beauty.The sound? More than enough. It beats its rival Google Home mini in this aspect.Do you need to have a Prime subscription?This again depends on your need, currently, I'm using Alexa & FireTV without any prime subscription. Just change the streaming services to saavn if the music is your 1st priority.Alexa is much more like Family device it responds to everyone's voice. That's a disadvantage too.I found it better in many aspects than google home mini.Alexa can read ebooks from your Kindle account, audiobooks from audible. That pretty impressive.There are a lot other cool things that Alexa can do which I can't cover here.Alexa Echo Dot Advantages:Play music loud.Can respond to your queries very well.Somewhat close to Google Home mini in terms of being a virtual assistant.Create to-do lists(not available on Google Assistance).Shop from Amazon Pantry.Disadvantages:Not as good as google assistance in doing continued conversation.It does not support gaana appAlexa responds to everyone even strangers, unlike Google Home which is limited users.Alexa is one of the must buy smart home gadgets that one should get.\n\n", "\n\n  One of my best purchases so far from Amazon . I purchased this product after going through a lot of reviews and researches . At one point is was almost convinced to buy the Google Home mini ,but eventual decided to buy the Amazon Echo dot 3rd Gen , after finding out that it has modified itself to understand Indian ascent. So here are the pros and cons after 1 month of usagePROS-Smooth InstallationGet the Alexa app at your cell phone and installation is smooth and easyConnecting to the wifi is ok - at first it took a while , but then it was smoothConnecting to a blue tooth device is really fastLovely sound quality and is decent enough for a big sized room.Can play almost any song (i tried , hindi , eng and of course being a Bong i tried all sorts of Bengali songs)Yes it plays maximum songs from Amazon Music , and then goes to Sawan or other music libraries too.Language can be set as English and HindiOne can set reminders , play quiz, it can make animal sounds , ask about weather conditions and forecast , in fact it can answer most of your queries .(its a best fried of my 1 year old son)If you have a smart light , you can even set to turn on/off the light (in my case i got the Wipro smart led bundled as free)CONSHave to admit that the search option has to be updated a little , in case of  little difficult things it cant search its library and ansCant play songs from YouTube (obviously copyright issue )Its always plug and play , it doesn't have a battery . Makes it a little difficult to carry , cos it requires electric plug-ins (unlike portable Bluetooth speakers )over all its a great buy , barring few negative things which obviously can be ignoredand what makes it more amazing is that i got it at 40% discount during the GREAT INDIAN FESTIVAL\n\n", '\n\n  Echo Dot is a good speaker and voice recognition is quite impressive. However, Alexa integration is still in the development phase. So be prepared to get frustrated.If you are someone who loves the old classics, you will find Alexa very disappointing. And don\'t forget, you need Amazon Music\'s premium account to be able to stream music on Echo Dot. That also means, Akexa will play only that music which is available on Amazon Music. I\'m not a big fan of Amazon Music. It does not have much of my kind of music.Alexa also plays from Jio Savn and Hungama. So getting Alexa to play some music is not always a simple task to perform. And a lot of times, you want Alexa to play an album you saw on Amazon Music or Hungama but the voice assistant fails to find it!I don\'t have complaints about operating smart appliances with Alexa though. It\'s totally fun.Edit-1: It has been five months since I started using Echo Dot and I still can\'t easily find the music I love. On this Independence Day I tried to get Alexa play some classic patriotic songs like "Jahaan Daal Par Sone Ki..." but no matter what words I used, Alexa kept playing a playlist called "Ai Watan" which seemed to have all new songs, none of which I liked. Clearly, the music that Alexa offers has been selected by Amazon keeping in mind today\'s teens. And this won\'t change.\n\n', "\n\n  Got it for my mum who is semi paralyzed and can't move much. She now calls me by voice command and listens to her favorite music and the holy Bible.Also have ordered for a smart bulb that she can control with her voice.Its so simple and even a senior citizen can use it. Truly amazing.\n\n", '\n\n  Upgraded from 2nd to 3rd Gen dot, must say the sound quality has improved phenomenally. While the previous gen dot was more of an "Echo Input" type functionality, this one can actually serve as a decent speaker. Coming to the software side:1. Apple music not supported in India. In fact the only available services are Amazon music, Saavn and Hungama music2. Amazon music has a very limited catalog  and Indian users can\'t upload their songs either ( apparently US users can do this)3. Spotify not available "yet"4. Youtube/ Google play music not supported for obvious reasons5. Because of the above I tried to give Saavn a shot as their catalog is surprisingly large, but then Alexa doesn\'t support playlists for Saavn.Summary:If you are planning to get an Echo for listening music - stay away from this (or any Echo device for that matter) - at least for now.\n\n', "\n\n  Fantastic product and this is my 1st echo series. Alexa understands and improves as a conversation tool for  kids at home.the sound quality is great for  a small speaker , sets up very easily to your amazon prime account, also plays shortlisted in your  amazon music account.i ham yet to try to connecting with my Yamaha amplifiers and finding the same difficult  as Bluetooth receiver is not pairing. i am yet to try with my LeeEco smart TV, as i don't feel the necessity.  Best to make this work as a independent unit  and as a companion when you  don't want to switch the home theater system, TV, Etc.for  this price and functionality alexa does great work and take this as only a speaker with some smart sense, WOw product.\n\n", '\n\n  Excellent for lazies and always in action persons. Alexa reminds everything everyday every minute. Sometimes we mostly forget our scheduled tasks. Like pills, matches, shopping, things to remind. Alexa is everywhere where has internet.i m really amazed was going to buy Google mini but compare to this luxurious Google mini no match for look or sound. And Alexa is getting better everyday but not match for Google. Who wanna reminders alerts, songs, sound quality and looks go for this. Google take voice commands better. But Alexa also does everything I need 100%.\n\n', "\n\n  The speaker can't be used as a wireless Bluetooth speaker.It's AUX interface is an audio in only. So unlike the 2nd gen echo or the echo dot, you can neither transfer the audio to a secondary better speaker nor to any headphone or earphone.It does not have a battery so it always needs to be powered.The above are serious shortcomings not anticipated from a newer generation device.Apart from that, the Alexa integration works pretty well and as expected. However Alexa seems far inferior to Apple Siri when it comes to maintaining the context of a conversation.Overall a nice buy if you wish to experience a voice enabled product that can get a lot of things done. But perhaps not worth the price given the above observed shortcomings.If any of my observations are inaccurate, please do leave a comment. The views are personal and with no intent to promote or prevent any buying decisions.\n\n", "\n\n  I just got my new pair of echo dot speakers. I have set them up as a stereo pair on my work-from-home desk. Listening to music on Spotify is a pleasure. Rich, full sound. I don't feel the lack of bass. I also have an older echo dot from 2018 in my bedroom -- the 2020 ones have much richer sound.\n\n", '\n\n  If you’re in the market for a cheap wireless speaker that can make calls, control your smart home and play the occasional song or two, the Amazon Echo Dot is easily one of the best smart speakers on the market for you – even better than the Google Home Mini in terms of call quality and music playback.\n\n', '\n\n  Hello,I purchased this from somewhere else.. After using it for a while, i noticed the amazon music service doesn\'t work at all. I was under the impression that amazon music, which is freely available with echo devices would work. After trying for hours to make it work i gave up, Alexa replied that "She couldn\'t find anything" whenever i tried to play something on amazon music. The only service that works good so far is Hungama Music. I am saying this after testing all the other services like Gaana, JioSaavn, Spotify etc... Gaana works as well but it has some issues... Spotify also works but lacks many songs.Aside from that, the mics are good but only till the volume medium, because high volume makes the device hard to hear us. Anything over volume level 6 is bad, and Alexa won\'t hear us unless we shout at her. I really liked the 2nd gen which had 7 mics yet this one only offers 4.. which is a downside for me. Hardware wise the sound quality is good until the volume level 8, but anything over that makes the sound distort and would be a pain to hear it.Alexa is on the other hand is good to talk to, she (It) can play music, tell jokes, read stories, sing songs, set alarms, set reminders, control smart devices etc... with the bonus of human like speech. This was the factor made me buy this. But on the downside she lacks too much intelligence compared to her counter part Google assistant.. She can\'t even answer the basic questions and just forwards us to Wikipedia. I hope amazon continues to improve Alexa.So as a new buyer which one to buy? Alexa or GoogleIf you don\'t care about how the assistant speaks, (robotic speech vs human like speech) then go for Google assistant speaker. Because Google and Alexa devices can both can do the job for smart homes. But Google uses their vast database infrastructure for information so obviously it will have upper hand in this department.But if you care about how your speaker speaks then go for Alexa.. without thinking anything.If you care about information then go for Google assistant else Alexa should be your preference.\n\n', '\n\n  Hi Future buyer,Planning to buy this device wud be highly not recommended if u r a noob to this and in case u r running a custom rom on your andriod device.The App is confusing as much as it can be and force closes if u r not on factory OS, neither will there be any help or nor any reply to your mails from the developer, The setup dint go well and took me to register the product from web based registration.Otherwise the Product build quality is excellent when compared to the previous one and sound quality is amazing in the new one, Non the less Google home mini still has a better speaker but its hard to differentiate having both at my house side by side,You r also not to be surprised if u find your router to behave funny when both Alexa and Google home mini are side by side, Its like they r fighting for Bandwidth.The results are quite slow and takes time for reply when compared to G Home mini.The LED looks damn good at night and kinda adds upto the entire beauty of the productOverall if u r someone with good skill set on these things and just want to showoff ur house go for it I wud recommend to buy, others if u r a nood ( Fresher ) go for google home your life will be easy\n\n', '\n\n  Amazon thinks that we are duffer\'s coz I bought this product a few weeks back at 3999 and now during amazon sale the same product is available at 1999 and that\'s a whopping difference. Just coz they are manufacturing these, they cannot do such a huge injustice to their buyers by dropping price to half......This is a very bad trend and definitely bad service by amazon. Wrt device....I suppose alexa is one of those dumbest virtual assistants that has very limited functions n the most usual casual response from it is "sorry I don\'t know that" . Please don\'t buy this product.....This is my sincere suggestion.\n\n', '\n\n  The product has intermittent issue while connecting with Phone for playing videos sound.  Spoke with Amazon Tech support, they went ahead with raising replacement after some troubleshooting. Now, they picked the device. Though no replacement update.  Nothing in the app which indicates that the product has been picked up or replacement has been sent.Moreover the device itself dont have connectivity with ZOOM app and for calling  in India. Though the feature is available in other countries through Echo Connect feature.Hope they will sent the replacement.\n\n', "\n\n  This device refused to set up because the Alexa app just didn't work on my mother's phone. I had bought this for her. I even tried signing out of the Alexa app on my phone and then tried logging into her account on my phone and as soon as I would log in, the app would go blank.I'm still confident that there is nothing wrong with the Echo device but there is a problem in the Alexa app. More specifically there is a problem with my mother's account on the Alexa app. Unfortunately there is no way to fix this or talk to any kind of customer support. Customer support is a chat bot which has a preset list of questions that you need to select. There is no way to get any support for the app.My suggestion would be to stay away from such 'dumb' smart speakers. Amazon US is very helpful, because the laws in  that country require them to be. Amazon in India sucks when it comes to Alexa app support, because there is no way to talk/ chat to someone who can check the account.Its strange that my worst purchase from Amazon is actually an Amazon product and not something sold by a listed seller.\n\n", '\n\n  This review is especially for those sitting on the fence .I’ve been using Google Nest and minis and wanted to shift to Echo for its Drop in feature basically .(the full intercom) . It worked fine. But overall Alexa was disappointing. Even after having 4 mics the voice recognition was only a tad better than Google. The sound is natural but artificially natural, a little muffled as well.The app is poor. What takes less than a minute to setup on Google Home it takes over 3-4 minutes on alexa app. I have over 40 smart devices in my home and the time it needed merely setting up those devices was a bummer. Echo or Alexa is is just popular because Amazon sells it while Google devices are not marketed that much.\n\n', '\n\n  Not so great on sound quality. Feature wise same. But yes, i feel that in 3rd gen they have reduced mics to 4 instead of 7 in 2nd gen. So my verdicts.Total devices i ve: 6Total duration: 2 yearsVerdict: -they say its better than previous gen. Bit to be honest, its not that good in hearing your voice as 2nd gen do. I am having trouble making it listening.-  led circle light is little dull. I dont like it.- no great in sound except a 10% increase in bas. Say prev. Gen was having zero bass n its having little bass.- more asthetic look. I liked it.- power cable is not usb micro so u cant connect to other power sources. Its having adapter. So u re more on home stuck like to power socket. I am usong 2nd gen in car as well with usb cable.- bulkier, maybe good for sound n more of in stuff but earlier was more smaller n compact having ligher weight.CONCLUSIVE: Its addition of money and new device. From users perspective i al ok with earlier. If u recin budget go for second gen.\n\n', '\n\n  Love you so much Amazon! You do have a place in my heart! My echo dot audio went bad in a few months of minor usage(blurry voice).  Pinged amazon cc about the issue and they replaced with a new device in a few days. Hassle-free service!when it comes to device,not that smart. Alexa is not very friendly some times. Does not answer all my queries. and Alexa is not letting me emotionally attached to her. "Alexa, will you be with me forever" -> "Alexa:  I don\'t know that one" :(I am unable to teach anything to alexa, it is very limited.  MAde in china, looks like they are saving a lot on this device. Had the first replacement in couple of months smiled usage. Lets see.\n\n', "\n\n  Writing this review after 2 days. It's a nice product overall. I purchased this product primarily for music. And was quite disappointed when I couldn't connect to Gaana/ Saavn/Hungama. I looked up online for help but that also didn't help. Finally I used the feedback feature and got immediate reply from Amazon. In the device settings they changed it from Amazon.com to Amazon.in, and asked me to restart the device..basically turn it off and on. I did and and just had to say Alexa play this song from Gaana and it started playing. The gadget has good voice recognition. Though sometimes when the music volume is high it may not do so. You can also enable skills for radio specifically I am talking about AIR radio channels. There are many skills which can be enabled and the reviews in the skills can help you to understand if the skills actually work or not the way you expect it too. Hope this review helps you.\n\n", '\n\n  The size to sound ratio is just excellent, the emphasis seems to be on voice but the base is absent so this is not for the base head.This is the most responsive voice integration that I have seen, as you say, Alexa, it starts listing. There are a lot of things that you can ask Alexa like adding a product in your Amazon cart, open rain sound, play music, set alarm, etc.The interesting thing is that Alexa also listing commands in Hindi as well. This is only a part of the home automation system. All the smart equipment/products you purchase can be connected with Alexa like a light bulb to control it with voice etc. but for that, you need a router in your home.ConclusionThe speaker does not have a battery but he can be connected via Bluetooth from your phone and PC. Which is a good thing but all of a sudden it stops playing for no reason which is very annoying?I got it in INR 2500, at this price you must buy it, just to experience a smart speaker but in INR 3500 it looks a bit expansive. If you decide to buy this then this going to be the first step to transform your home into a smart home.\n\n', "\n\n  I'm writing this review because Amazon sold us  echo dot with syska smart led light and claimed that it will work with alexa but they are wrong, its horrible smart led from syska , very difficult to setup and to connect with your smartphone.  There is no support with Amazon alexa for syska smart led .. Amazon misguiding us to sold faulty product with offers.  Don't buy it..it will be waste of money and your valuable time.\n\n", "\n\n  I purchased this product for 3999 rupees. Once i received this product i was very much exited. However that excited didn't last a long. As soon as i started configuring this product, I noticed that WIFI is not at all connecting. Every time, it shows registration failed with some stupid messages. I have wasted hours of time in troubleshooting the problem however nothing didn't worked. Hence i initiated the refund of the money.I highly recommend DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT, ITS TOTALLY WASTE OF YOUR TIME AND MONEY\n\n", "\n\n  Amazon management....Please hire tester, my sincere advise that app developer needs more training. Please trust my words... I almost wasted 12 hours on this worst product which it didn't connect OLED sony 65 inch tv.. called customer care he too spent 2 hours poor guy left advising restart andbtry... Can be build better device/app which can be easily trouble shoot..\n\n", "\n\n  I was bit confused before buying as I was not sure what exactly it can do, gone through many reviews. Finally bought it and after using it for a month, writing this review.As it's running on artificial intelligence so do not expect it to answer as human. You have to say Alexa before every question which could be little annoying some times.What it can do?You can play songs for sure, ask questions and it answers you for most of the times, set alarm, alerts. create routine Etc.But I use it mostly for listing songs and alarms and does a good job.Only negative thing that I can say as of now is its bit difficult to give commands at higher volume you really have to shout but in normal it can pick thinest of sound.So all in all its value for money as I got it @2999 in sale.\n\n", "\n\n  This new echo dot 3rd generation is what I wanted. This smart speaker is capable to play a good music in a large size room. Alexa is smart and quick enough to react on your command. The muisc and the bass is very well balanced for a soothing music experience.Also, music streaming platforms like Amazon Prime Muisc and Saavn are also available to play music from. So, need to connect the device with your phone. Instead ask Alexa to play any music, playist or album of your choice.However Aexa mobile app can be improved but that is nothing much to do with the amazing performance of this very device. Go for it guys, you won't regret it.\n\n", "\n\n  First generation American version of this Alexa Dot was far better than the current Indian version.It doesn't search from Google.For most of the questions that I ask it says I don't know.My first generation American version was doing lot of different things. This one doesn't do much of the things that I need.Sometimes this device goes in to frozen mode for uknown reason.\n\n", "\n\n  So i know why you guys are here for.Omg why should i buy amazon echo instead of google home??So good for you here's the answer.I'll not tell you about things you know and everyone's talking about like it's mic and speakers are awsome, it's very localised etc.I'll tell you why you need this if you want this for home.1. This has communication features so people having alexa app or echo device and permission can actually call you on your echo dot.2. This has announcement features so if you are late for dinner you can announce that on your echo device from your phone.(Actually i use this feature to play ghost sounds when little kids are in my room😝)3. This has best features for home automations that google home or any other devices don't have.4. This has best features for timer tasks.5. Scheduling is much more advanced in alexa app.6. If you say turn on light in front of your kitchen echo dot it will turn on only kitchen lights. so you don't have to be specific like turn on kitchen lights like google home.(you need multiple echo devices for this as obvious)So forgot about google home and just buy it.\n\n", "\n\n  It is useless device and waste of money it only work with registered WiFi with amazon not with in coming signal of the Alexa app computer or mobile , no one else in the house can use it if registered WiFi is not available and at the same time we can not register two ,three signals . Alexa becomes use less when there is no internet , and there are lot of restrictions like hand free not available when in battery saver mode etc etc . at many a times it can not understand your voice and there are many app's missing in window computer .if i instruct it to teach Gramer to children it can not do . what a useless device it is , i even wanted to buy Fire TV stick but lots of them in used market ,hence i thought there must be some problem like this in that also hence stopped its purchase .My advice to Amazon is make it user friendly . do not restrict to one WiFi signal ,Take the in coming signal or allow us to register two ,three signal there should not restrict Hand free etc .With RegardsRavishankar\n\n", '\n\n  Alexa is horribly wrong and Dumb..I made a mistake by not buying google mini speaker..Alexa has no answers...It is a stupid speaker..I know u need to enable the skills and all that..However, it is still a very bad Assistant..Fully disssatisfied..Audio quality is good but one can buy a simple bluetooth speaker at 1/3rd the cost rather than messing ur mind up with such an incapable AI speaker.. It cannot answer 90% of your questions.Used with Fireststick: limited usage and that too with limited apps.Will still need the remote anyway. Not much useful with Firestick.I strongly suggest please Buy google home mini instead..Audio may be a bit less but the google assistant is amazing..\n\n', '\n\n  Awesome product . i have use since 2-3 month , and i have also google Home mini. alexa is better then google home mini.the things is not in alexa that is " HINDI " but google home mini have hindi command . other wise the product is very good , and better quality material , better sound loud bass, etc.i have request to amazon eco dot . kindly update " Hindi " command and " Map " ..\n\n', '\n\n  While Alexa is smart and intelligent , it cannot answer complex questions because it does not have Google Search !Google mini has the brains of the best search engine on earth ! Google mini any day ! Only reason to buy it would be if you had a prime music account and you had to play music through it !\n\n', "\n\n  Excellent smart speaker. It has the below mentioned specifications.1. It can hear users voice from 15 mitres distance.2. It can be used as a Bluetooth speaker, it means you can play songs from your mobile devices or laptop/desktop.3. Through it, you can control your smart bulbs, plugs, smart printers.4. It can answer all your questions. Also it also can speak you name. Just say, 'Alexa what's my name's5. It can tell your Amazon order status, just say, 'Alexa where's my order'6. It can tell weather, set an alarm.7. It is lightweight.8. You can make Skype calls, just link your Skype account in the Alexa app.9. It's price is budget friendly, no other smart speakers available at this price range.It made my daily life easier. Go for it.Thanks to Amazon for bringing this device to us.\n\n", '\n\n  The right review can not be given. I am using mobile internet. Jio and Airtel are used. But, their internet connectivity and strength are questionable. Therefore, the right review can not be given. However, for music play, it is really attractive and interesting. However, Alexa has to learn a lot before getting five stars. Secondly, Alexa understands English. There are many other features which are not understood by a general user. Thirdly, in order to make a smart home and make Alexa a hub of such a home requires a lot of money. Those features can only be placed under the review when they are arranged.However, even then, I will recommend to buy it. For 4000 rupees you get good music and less botheration provided the internet strength remain consistence. I feel discouraged when the red line rotates on the device. Even then, buy it and make it a part of your setup.\n\n', "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0$$$ Awesome Bluetooth Speaker with AI.Value for money ,got it during sale of Rs2999/-. Playing songs via JioSavan and Gaana app and sound that comes out from this Small echo dot 3rd Gen 🔊 was Bombastic for a small room , but playing songs through Mobile via Bluetooth is not giving that much of clear sound of songs some sort of Treble sound is missing but awesome with Gaan app and Jiosaavan app. Regarding Amazon Alexa AI sometimes not triggered I have to say 2X or 3X Alexa then Alexa respond to our voice , I think Amazon have to continue to Use concept of 7 microphones instead of 4 microphone which was in Echo dot 2nd Generation.  Negative part of this Echo dot 3rd is it has circular plugin port to echo dot which should be usb 2.0 which 2nd Gen echo dot have plus point here. I think Amazon should change this Power Plugin port to normal USB 2.0 so that we can connect our Smartphone charger cables to it and connect it to any Power bank. One Con is that anyone who knows how to trigger Alexa in your absence your neighbours and their children's can operate Alexa to play something or if you have smart plugs connected to Alex a theybeasily can turn On and turn Off lights.\n\n", '\n\n  Superb AI device coupled with great speakers. The first impression might seems like underpowered, but the sound quality & volume packs a punch. Children love it. It is able to understand most of the stuff & respond quickly. Mostly depends on amazon music for the songs. Only point is, if it can have battery back up, would have been truly awesome.\n\n', '\n\n  Must have product, got it for only 2999 and its awesome. At first I used bluetooth speakers worth Rs. 2000 then i thought why not spend 1000 more and Buy Alexa, and it really paid off.. it also works like a Bluetooth Speaker if not connected to internet, and once you connect it to wifi it becomes Smart Assistant which can control your smart devices or do many things.Sound out put is loud and has bass two, while color looks best for me and the ring sorroundinv body gives it better look. Its total worth it, Amazing Value for Money.\n\n', "\n\n  I got this as a gift and it reminds me of everything, connects to my meditation app and also plays loud music. You can also have a fun discussion, play games, etc. The wipro bulb which comes along with it is a boon too as I don't have to reach for the switch anymore, when I'm too sleepy. It's great. I guess Alexa is learning and getting better because she still can't understand some questions, but other than that it's all great\n\n", "\n\n  Had high hopes for this product after seeing reviews from so many positive feedbacks from customers but was utterly disappointed as it failed to deliver what it's supposed to do.Voice interaction is utter rubbish as its not able to grasp the Indian slang and finding music through it is a pain.Content is not that great and integration with Alexa app is not that smooth. Not able to set customized tone for alarm and lots of other drawbacks.To Sum it all, it's waste of 3500 valuable bucks as there's no easy way to throw it off.\n\n", '\n\n  Pros.1. Sound quality considering its compact design2. Compact. Box is also pretty small hence good to carry even when you travel.3. Great features with lot of additional apps or featured addons4. Does pick up most of the commands very easilyCons1. Intial connectivity took lot of trail. Even though the internet is very fast.Tips.Place it on a wooden table for better bass delivery\n\n', '\n\n  1. Received in 2nd day.2. It has live my Bose speaker system which was getting dust due to either connect to aux cable with mobile or connect to traditional way.3. My kids loved this and started talking to Alexa in tooti footi English language, but after some time they started framing the sentence before talking to Alexa, cool thing.4. Some of the features are very good like songs, news, shopping list, todo list and reminders etc. hope to continue getting more features into it.\n\n', '\n\n  Product is good but if a perforated box had been given then it would have been good so that we could have ensured that there is no dust entry and when we operate it because of perforations sound should not be a problem and also the box should have a provision to insert the plug.In this way we could have kept in a place where there is no dust entryMay be for futureregards\n\n', "\n\n  I loved loved loved Alexa. She is super fun and understands most of what I say. Though there are some things which are foreign to her.Easy to install, easy to use. There are instructions given. Follow them and you are good to go. It just took me ten seconds and I am not very tech savvy.The only thing which I didn't like is that Alexa read out books only from Kindle unlimited or which I have bought from Amazon. It did not read my other documents aloud. It didn't recognize my other novels on my kindle. Hence I was a bit disappointed.On the whole a fun product.After a few monthsSometimes Alexa does not understand me and she says she is stumped. Which made me laugh... But I suppose it's possible.\n\n", "\n\n  Purchased a device for my home automation, and it screwed up. Frequently it's giving a distorted notice and getting restart automatically. Thought it might be due internet provider ACT fiber. But bluetooth had also been same issue after playing few songs and my mobile started playing on its own. Now I am going to return it. Looks a product issue.\n\n", '\n\n  Scenario:Connect your iPhone11 with JBL Go and Amazon Echo Dot 3rd generation via blue toothBoth device should be connected. This you can verify it on Bluetooth menuPlay any songs from iTunes and let the Amazon Echo Dot 3rd generation decodes it(audio is playing on Amazon Echo Dot)Listen the audio for sometime (5 minutes approximately)Observation:Audio drops is observed and blue tooth get disconnected automaticallyIn the same scenario, if the audio is playing on JBL Go. The problem is not observedIf only Amazon Echo Dot 3rd generation only connected to the phone everything works fineThe same problem is not observed with iPad Mini and Android phone\n\n', '\n\n  Within 3 months of purchasing the sound has begun to distort, even at 5 or 6 level I can here unusual sound. I don\'t know what to do. My return window is already closed.Secondly, song searching on Gaana app is very poor. I am very fond of Riya\'s Retro, but Alexa can search only season 1 and moreover it doesn\'t recognize different episodes of season 1 either. Means if you have already gone through 4-5 episodes of Riya\'s Retro and want to listen to the next episode, you have to start from episode 1 and then have to skip the episode you have already gone through. It takes hell lot of time to play the next episode after you give the voice command "Next".AMAZON SHOULD REPLACE MY ECHO DOT.\n\n', '\n\n  It doest recognize the voice … it s very difficult …. for playing songs also not getting configured with Ganna app …. even for playing song you have to be specific … secondly just for playing music buying this is not at all recommended. … very poor in aswering the questions …… it even play the news from Outside india .. trie a lot …. returning now\n\n', "\n\n  This is good for use with more number of integration. We have enable different skills to really get lot of amusement from this device. Bluetooth connectivity is really smooth. It is automatic when I switch on Eco dot and my Yamah sound bar. By the way ,  I got at special price for Rs.2499/- with 9 watt syska led smart bulb free. So , it's A deal breaker for me.\n\n", "\n\n  1. Size is small, Looks good in home, material is good2. It can fill your entire room with good volume of music. Volume vs size of device is really good.3. Alexa sound is mechanical, we're still 3-4 years earlier for a natural sound of robot in such devices.4. Can't expect latest GK questions / smart / complicated 2 sentences combined queries, bcoz results are per google search and google can't put logics in queries yet as it's mostly keyword relevance matching. So, overall experience is still mechanical.5. Music library it connects to are Saavn and it doesn't have good music for night sleep, it keeps repeating it.6. It blindly plays what the apps give it to play, like, the mood based music search is not good. It sometimes play songs as per direct matching of lyrics with what we spoke but totally not as per intention at all. Such devices totally needs a smarter search engine which understands intention.Overall small fun device, but I still feel that such devices will take some years to mature and become truly seamless home assistants. But it's for parents and they like it enough :D\n\n", '\n\n  This was the product I was looking for.Confused to buy Google home mini or Amazon echo dot finally I bought this.It has great sound quality (bass) and looks so nice due to its colourful ring.The sound of the voice assistant is great.I think a downside for this product will be a mandatory prime subscription to play songs free. Limited music recognition in regional languages.\n\n', "\n\n  This review is at the end of the third week of use. I use the Echo Dot 3rd generation for answering questions, setting reminders, alarms, to-do, and shopping lists. I do not use it very often for music. At my age (over 70) and being retired, a person can be more active and busier than ever before. Often we need to remind ourselves to do things such as taking medicine, do my yoga, keep up with my art class, do my accounting, practice my harmonium or other daily tasks accomplished on a schedule. Many times older people have brief thoughts that we need to remember. Remembering that thing you wanted to buy or do from the other day, of which the memory of that usually occurs in situations such as doing the dishes or taking a shower when your hands are wet so writing it down needs to be put off. Now you can yell at Alexa.I’ve told you how I use the Echo Dot, let me tell you how I feel about this purchase. I can’t believe I waited for so long to buy one of these things. The Echo Dot is a huge help for me; it's like having an assistant. I use Alexa and the Echo Dot many times a day for all of its features, including remembering things that may have otherwise gone undone or forgotten.I speak several languages, including proper English and in the last three weeks, the only time Alexa has not understood what I have said is when I have mumbled, garbled or otherwise mispronounced something. Other than those very few times voice recognition has been perfect. The Echo Dot sits on my desk; however, today I ordered a wall holder (the type without the plug just a holder) to mount it on my bookcase right in front of my home desk. The sound coming from the Echo Dot carries far into my residence and is easily heard and understood from a reasonable distance.I downloaded the Amazon Alexa app for my Android phone. You don’t need to use this app in daily use, but you will use it during device setup and review of what you have voiced onto the Echo Dot for lists, alarms, and reminders. You can also hear those by asking Alexa. And thank goodness you don’t need the Alexa app for more than that. It’s awful. I think the word “awful” is the most used in all the reviews. Almost always your Alexa app will say that your Echo Dot is offline when it is never offline. Most of the studies agree with this. So yes, if you buy an Echo Dot, you will download and use the Alexa app, but after setup, I’ve not found any use for it other than to touch the button on my phone to see when the app works and does not work. My Echo Dot works 100% of the time, and if the internet to the house is working the Echo Dot will be working correctly and automatically.This purchase of the Echo Dot has been a big boost for me. I am happy to have moved forward technology-wise with this device. For anyone who wants more productivity in their life, this is a good buy. And now, I have something to say to Alexa before I sign off: Alexa, wake me up from my nap in 30 minutes.90 day update: See picture of the wood stand. Using daily for everything the Echo is designed to do. Voice recognition near perfect. I can have my back to the Echo from across the room and yell out a command no problem. I've added a couple of Skill Blueprints which have been excellent. I am using many reminders which have been a boon to my productivity. Had a local carpenter make a wood stand made for above my desk to hold the Echo Dot and my camera.\n\n", "\n\n  This is just awesome.There are so many things we can do with this device and that made me wonder that why this is so cheap.I got a smart bulb with the device in just 2500 rs.Now I control my bluetooth speaker, my tv(firestick) and my bedroom light with my voice commands.This is fun for my 4 years old kid too and Alexa tell stories to him.The voice recognition is very good and the proof is that even my kid's commands Alexa recognise.\n\n", "\n\n  Simply great product. Well built and very worth it. The voice recognition is great and works as intended most of the time. It keeps getting better as you use it. The sound really surprised me for its size. It's definately not a premium sound but it's still very bassy and loud, and full volume there is noticible disturbunce. The home automation part is what really makes this worth it though. I have my lights, tv and ac connected (using oakter remote) and ofcourse it's also an alarm, an intercom, a music player, a smart assistant and so much more. Life changing tech this is. I also like that you can command it in hindi and english. The conversations to be had are funny and almost natural. Software updates can/should make it even better. Wish it also had battery back up though, that's its biggest flaw. Soon I'll connect many other electronics in my house to alexa by way of smart switches.\n\n", "\n\n  Honestly, please don't buy this product. Better to purchase a Bluetooth speaker and play the songs manually. I bought this with excitement to gift someone, but it didn't work as expected. It was my luck that I tried it first before gifting, & the experience was pathetic. Initially you will like calling Alexa, but again and again you will get bored. OK no problem, that's the feature. But main issue is it doesn't even play the latest popular songs. Huge disappointment.. I asked to play one song in front of my family, but it started some other music (that was very bad), & then I decided to return it back because I don't want to get insulted. People will laugh on you when you ask calling alexa alexa and it won't play your song.\n\n", "\n\n  The Echo Dot 3rd Gen is comparatively good that than it's predecessor. The sound quality is improved, however there are two things that I would like to being to the notice of it's manufacturer or would say the developers rather. The bluetooth connectivity is no good. it's very difficult to connect to any other bluetooth device. Now coming to the main part of the Echo : voice recognition or rather would say it's integration. The Indian voice is a disaster. Half of the time you will have to repeat even for the simpler terms and words. Half disappointed, else it's good.\n\n", "\n\n  Make your home smart like this smart Echo Dot. Thankyou Amazon for giving us such a great product. I am so happy with this deal.  This is really a smart and improved speaker for richer and louder sound and it fits perfectly into small spaces. Very goodVoice control for our music. But the main thing is that we should have strong Wi-Fi connection for proper functioning and one more weak point is It has Stream music from Amazon Prime Music, JioSaavn, and Gaana only. Loving points are we have to just Ask Alexa to play music, answer questions, read the news, check the weather, set alarms, control compatible smart home devices so my family even my little son loves it a lot and it Built with multiple layers of privacy protections and controls, including a microphone off button that electronically disconnects the microphones. Alexa is skill based, overall it's a great deal.  Don't think more just go for it.\n\n", "\n\n  I felt the sound quality is great at the price of 2249 during sale. The alexa integration is really good with all the amazing alexa skills available in echo dot. The voice recognition is average coz when the volume is above 5 , alexa couldn't recognize the wake word as the music is loud. So, we would require to shout to let her hear the wake word. I hope this might be resolved in the new (4th) generation as the sound will be focusing in 1 direction rather than 360 degrees, this is what i feel through looking at the design. The response time is good but can be improved in thr next generation yet to be released. Overall, this device is worth the purchase at regular price and during the sale it becomes much more worthy at the price of 2249. There are many hidden features in alexa which are not known by the majority customers like explicit filter, treble base and mid-range regulator, talk slow, talk fast, follow-up mode, sing a song, feedback, Horoscope, movie dialogues, quotes, Translation,  excellent mind and strategy games, kids games and fun games like Shadow game, Akinator, Bulls and Cows, Guess the number, Music mania, Yes Sire etc. and many more fabulous features. Please do a little search on Google about Alexa Skills and who knows you may be able to discover some great hidden features or a new feature. Also, at regular intervals, please do ask your alexa to check for software updates and update the device. It will allow you to enjoy new features with every update. Although, Alexa may not be the greatest invention but it is definitely the sweetest invention and yes it's becoming smarter everyday. Alexa is not comparable to other devices like google home, google nest, apple homepod, etc. as they have different features and different price segments. If you need a wide range of features and skills for daily use and fun, Alexa devices are the perfect choices. Believe me, even with those flaws i mentioned, Alexa will be a cheer. Just go for it.\n\n", "\n\n  Hi guys if u have Wi-Fi in your house only than... Buy it or else.... U need to use your phones hotspot and connect .... And one.... More thing is u need to plug it everytime u can't take it and roam lik other Bluetooth... Speaker's..... These are cons of this, I hope Amazon bring solution for.... This.. ,,, rest everything is fine...\n\n", "\n\n  Well, it certainly does few things but way to go. I don't understand with all the money and talent Amazon has, why they didn't provide simple skill to under stand simple commands like Enter/Select, Go up, Go down etc. so that we can use it proper remote.Pros:1. Lots of fun. You can roast your friend by setting simple routine which can be activated by customized voice phrase and it will respond with your customized messages.2. You can control your TV, FireStick etc but in a limited way.3. Can ask for time while half asleep...it provides many other simple features and some of them are useful too.Cons:1. Doesn't recognize Select, UP, Down and other navigation command. So cannot replace you fire TV remote.2. Misses the command now and then.3. Difficult to give voice command while there are other sounds around like if you are watching TV of listening to music. That's very frustrating as you cannot pause video if sound coming from TV is high.\n\n", '\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0Never thought how useful the echo dot could be. It really automates your home. If you can get some smart bulbs and smart plugs it can switch them on and off at your command, pair it with a smart remote of your choice and it can control your appliances like tv, set-top box and ac( those using infra red remotes). The sound is also very clear and amazon music has a vast library so it can play most songs you request. A very useful gadget if you know how to use it.\n\n', '\n\n  Your journey in to the world of smart speaker starts and ends with Alexa. If you are sitting on the fence, still undecided and full of dilemma, get your act together, jump over and buy this bundle of joy.Once you are used to the world of Alexa, your life will change with unexplored experiences.The Alexa integration is a breeze with the new Alexa App, both of iOS and Android. Since this smart device works on cloud, it is never going to be outdated but for some delayed firmware updates.However if you are looking at this from an audiophile perspective, try out the larger Amazon echo for its phenomenal sound prowess.However for me the amazon echo dot 3rd generation is a perfect mix of an excellent Smart device with a reasonable good sound which lets you differentiating the low, mids and highs of your favourite songs. Welcome to the world of Alexa!\n\n', "\n\n  1 start for not mentioning country of origin.This product is made in China but while buying in Amazon you can't find it anywhere.I am not able to return it as my kids open the box and started using it. Later we checked it was made in china.\n\n", '\n\n  What a product.. U think of a song and say it.. Alexa actually can play the exact song to the 100% accuracy.Sound quality is awesome with this small sized powerpack. Romantic and slow songs music are just lovable. Although if u like badhash or some hip hop music. U can use an additonal speaker and connect this to it..Mics are quite sensitive and can take orders from other room. Only at high volume u need to yell still not but a concern though.Product build quality excellent.Just an amazing product. U will sure love it.Day 10 and still exploring it. My kid loves to interact with it and ask almost anything and he is excited.\n\n', '\n\n  Alexa has become an indispensable utility for my digital workplace at home - for setting up reminders, alarms, helping me keep up with my appointments, locating my phone when I lose it inside the house, giving weather updates and yes playing songs to keep the mood uplifted. This device is worth every penny for the integration with amazon music and sound quality alone, and the additional integrations provide for a very rick user experience.PS: I have never used google home mini, so this is not a comparative opinion.\n\n', "\n\n  There is no after sell service. Service Locations are available only in a few cities. CTDI service Pick up service is not available in my area, I did contact and they are asking me to walk in to a service centre outside my state!The echo devices usually stop working after a year or so. So it will be an ugly paper-weight after a year.(Same thing happened with my Kindle. I'll never buy any Amazon device again.)Update: Amazon customer care is also hopeless at least in this issue.\n\n", "\n\n  Used this device for about a couple days now and so far I've observed it can play any  English song you ask pretty easy but when asked about a hindi song it either plays a wrong song or it can't understand. Hence asked Alexa to change her language to indian English and Hindi. Now the accent and voice is of a Indian lady and not the original US English accent but still face difficulty in getting it to play the hindi songs I request. But I guess it will learn to recognise my words slowly. Although it's a wonderful device with many uses but it needs to work on getting the right hindi songs.\n\n", "\n\n  Better go for Google home..- cannnot make/accept phone calls (only Alexa calls)- cannot place orders on prime now- connected to Samsung smart TV via smart things skill and it can only do basic control like on/off,volume control.-technical customer care is not that good for any support issue.Free Wipro smart light isn't really smart..once power resumes after a power cut you need to switch it off again via app/Alexa.Only worthy use of echo is unlimited music from Amazon music.\n\n", "\n\n  The replacement (exchange) has been delivered without an adaptor, now how is it possible for me to use the device? Remember, I have returned the full set, which includes; the device, adaptor and manual. It is disappointing and I would expect and urge Amazon to take appropriate action.  I am not asking you to do anything out of the way, all that I am asking is to evaluate the whole thing from the customer's perspective and make a positive and favorable decision.\n\n", '\n\n  No replacement done to my faulty Alexa product  by Amazon , They felt apology and committed such ignorance will not happen again , if you guys are okay with this apology then must go on and trust it , One time you must feel helpless as Me ,  this is real story and nothing cosmetics, I have wasted my 3k and thrown out the devices as its useless ,  on repetitive complain by calling and  Via social media they only able to convince me to not happen this issue again , Yes they are still investigating and given choice of refund , which means get refund with older price and buy on current higher price which is baseless ,  also they had given one choice to purchase again with higher price and then they will refund all amount during exchange ,,, in short  I have loose trust on amazon on their customer handling approach so cant take risk again chosing any option, replacement policy is straight forward and they must has to comply it first ,,, disappointing experience with amazon on replacement management,,,\n\n', '\n\n  As a first gen amazon echo dot owner, i thought these would improve the overall experience. But the first thing i noticed after setting it up was the bad speech recognition, while the first gen heard me 8 out of 10 times l, the newer one heard me only like 6 out of 10 times!, but the worst part is that the first gen actually did a better job of recognizing my commands and was more polished than this! While the first gen gave me enough time for me to speak, these would just cut me off if i stuttered while the command,.. They wont give the beep echo dot first had while changing volume.Overall the user experience is downgraded while the build and sound quality improved by a good margin! Hope they will just fix these small issues by just cut n pasting the same echo dot first gen experience or just try to even improve on these unnecessary omissions they made!If they update it, i would give these a easy 5 stars! Great sound, great build, nicely designed,Downgraded user experience!\n\n', '\n\n  This is one of the best Smart speakers available right now with the best AI.Amazon is far far ahead of Google Mini in this race. i have both the devices and have used them side by side and i can tell you, Alexa will understand and answer 70-80% of what is thrown at it.  It can play music (i use amazon music & spotify) with ease. Control your devices (i use a few wipro smart bulbs and plugs). it works like a charm.The voice recognition is super and the voice quality is good.Google mini sounds more robotic.Very happy with the purchase. Kudos to Amazon Team !!!\n\n', '\n\n  Alexa is very bad in searching things. It every time says "Sorry I don\'t know" bleakly. She even cannot tell about the search engine she uses. For your information, she using Bing. Yucks!There is only buzz for alexa while google home is far far superior than it. Very bad experience. I\'m not at all amused by this.Rest of the things are at par with google home but google home wins in the end.And alexa "Sorry I don\'t know" but you\'re a garbage\n\n', '\n\n  I have always been a fan of virtual assistants. So when there was amazing offer which gave me e the echo dot along with the syska smart bulb for under 3000 rupees I went for it. Initial impressions it works as advertised however I am not sure if the one or two times I use this on a daily basis to turn off the light it is worth the amount I paid. Is not anything else it works as a smart speaker and you can tell Alexa to play songs at the convince of your voice. It\'s want to talk to Alexa and laugh at funny responses. Alexa isn\'t as smart as you want it to be and a lot of you questions are responded with "I don\'t know that".If your locality has a lot of power outages it might be a problem specially sense Alexa takes about a couple of minutes to reconnect if it loses power. It also will not work if you don\'t have an active internet connection which is a  huge bummer. But overall I\'m very happy with the purchase and I would recommend others to give it a try as well. I hear some people use it to learn English.\n\n', '\n\n  I had heard about Alexa from friends, but it is really amazing to see how many things it can do. First time alexa integration is a smooth process. Voice recognition is perfect. It will take few days to get used to it and then, you will become the Commander.Kids will love to play with alexa. There are many skills such as "panda rescue" and story telling which they can enjoy.MUSIC  is the best part of it, if you love music then you can explore lots of songs, uninterruptedly. Speaker quality is quite good.Moreover, I was surprised to to see that alexa can also control the FireStick tv. It can search, play, pause, rewind, forward, at least in primevideo, netflix and youtube. Loved this feature, completely hands-free "alexa + FireStick"  experience"\n\n', '\n\n  Till Now i am so happy with echi dot 3.It do all basic task likeSeting Timer,Clock,playing Music from amazon music or savan,searching from internet,math calculation etcSond Is FADU 😁😁I Love Its design Very impressiveSome times she automaticaly responce. LolSo manh Skill are avilable you can activate it from alexa app.\n\n', "\n\n  The sound quality and Bluetooth connectivity is awesome for such a small device. First and foremost thing to do after buying is to check the marketplace of your Amazon account. If it is global (. com), we have to send request to Amazon help team to change to (.in), otherwise, gaana, jiosaavn or even an android TV bought in india cannot be connected. However, Mostly can't recognize many words and skills in gaana and jio saavn.\n\n", '\n\n  Bad software! Alexa is not smart at all.voice recognition is not accurate most of the times but more than that Alexa interpretation leaves lot to be desired. Alexa is a just NLP and works on plain if else or a switch condition rather than being smart device. No where follows the user pattens, voice patterns and the people to come up with suggestions. Most of the times you get fed up with the results and then switch off the device. Mostly none of the songs I want will be played, I end up using it for casting the music from the phone, which anyways normal Bluetooth speaker will do at a less price.Hardly any useful tricks as they call it!Just works as voice command based device rather than a smart speaker!\n\n', "\n\n  It's simply amazing. Before I bought it, it sounded like a simple music player to me, but this is much more than that. When you are alone, it can be your best companion. It's a great learning tool for kids and a device that can replace various functions of your mobile phone. You can use it to play meditation music when you get up in the morning and it will help you attain focus. In short, it simplifies the search options on the Internet and helps you live a smart lifestyle.\n\n", '\n\n  Kind of works, but not enough. Product make and the sound quality are good. Aux-out was a major reason to choose Alexa over G-Home. Basic stuff like alarm/timer etc are okay. But that is it.Many times the device doesnt listen to me, specially when it is playing music. And I end up calling \'Alexa" 3-4 times going closer each time to get the \'attention\'. If I had to go all the while to the equipment to say \'Next\' or \'reduce volume\', what is the benefit over any normal music player !And when it listens, it recognizes wrong atleast half of the time. Initially I thought it is with the regional language (song/movie name), but then found the problem with perfect English dictionary words also (Mercury as Fury and MP3 as MPA). My accent must be really bad !So basically i have to struggle for minutes to get an intended song played.I did get the PLEX server setup in my PC to stream local music to alexa. Not at a level of selecting songs with voice commands yet, but atleast I get a playlist of my choice played.Most of the time I have to use specific commands itself. Natural Language Processing seems far far away. You will need a lot of patience to deal with Alexa !\n\n', '\n\n  Skills which I like specifically are:1. PanchTantra: 100s of Indian stories for kids2. Mein Tota hare rang ka - Indian Rhyme3. Haathi Raja Kaha Chale - Indian Rhyme 🐘4. Tamil Kids Story & Songs (Kathai Padalgal) India5. Indian Rhymes for Kids - Bhola Bachpan (300+rhyme)6. Wild Animals (Animal Kingdom) - Indian Version7. Namokar Mantra - Jain Prayer Daily8. Lord Krishna Meditation - 1 hour Indian Flute9. Jungle Book Indian Song and Stories - Unofficial10. Indian Kannada Kids - Prasagalu & Kathegalu11. Indian Marathi Kids: Stories and Rhymes12. 1 Hour Bhaktamar strota - Jain Prayer\n\n', '\n\n  So, I bought this off Prime day sale along with a Syska 9W Smart LED Bulb (which is the most stupid product ever).Anyway about Echo Dot. I am a software developer myself and I work day-in day-out with AI and ML products. I must say the quality and the capabilities of Echo Dot + Alexa are just mind boggling. I can understand the amount of work that has gone into it\'s development. Amazing Product. If you really want a good personal assistant, please do but this.There is a limited set of things Alexa can do but for professionals, it\'s really great at whatever it does including but not limited to organising your tasks, appointments as well as reminders.As for the "Smart" Syska LED that came with the package, that product is ultimate disgrace to the brand. It\'s such a disgrace that it\'s review I have to write here because Amazon has shut down reviews on the actual product. FMLCheers,Y\n\n', "\n\n  Purchased during sale in Rs. - 2500/- so got very good deal. but received after almost 15 days.- First time Connection to WiFi network is headache. You need a separate WiFi network. It don't get your own mobile WiFi /hotspot.- Product is good.Nice sound quality. Good looks. But needs power connection always. Must have provided with a small battery , to support backup while shifting from one power source to other.- Ask for Amazon Prime membership for some songs.- Product is a fun toy for Kids of age below 15 years.\n\n", "\n\n  I got the device and wipro smart bulb for 2k on freedom sale which I think is too good deal.Sound quality of the speaker is awesome.Very loud and Good amount bass it produces to fill the room.Software is not that great and voice recognition is very poor.Sometimes it won't responds.Responses are very limited and most of times it doesn't responds at all make me go mad.You can create routines of your like, editable in Alexa app.Aux connectivity helps you to connect with your home theater.\n\n", "\n\n  This is indeed an improvement over the 2nd gen. But, a lot needs to be done in the machine learning part. 8 out of 10 ttimes, it understands but not as good as Google Home. I saw one of the reviewers on here bashing other reviewers saying that most of them don't know about sound quality in speakers. I don't agree with that. I agree with others who say this has a good quality of bass. For the price, you get an AI powered speaker with powerful sound. Go for it. This purchase will not be regretted.\n\n", "\n\n  Sound quality goodDoesn't make calls to general cell phones, but only one echo dot to other.Gives information most of the times.Sometimes she's arrogant but that's still fun.Noise receiver only with low decimals, other wise you'll have to shout to command her.All in all just go for it. It's a good experience.\n\n", "\n\n  Feeling pitty on amazon. I have ordered for three product on prime day. But I didn't recieved the product. On the next day itself it says (return recieved) and it was the mistake of courier service and amazon. But when I called the customer service, they ensured me that the placed it again with the same price. But still the status on my dashboard wasn't updated. So I called to customer service again, and he too said same. After 4-5 days I called again, and now they are saying that nothing is updated and I have to place the order again(with today's price). Then what's amazon prime for?! If they can't sell their own product in a wise way.. So disappointing.it was a gift for my brother. And it delayed again. I need a clear action from Amazon service with this matter.\n\n", "\n\n  Echo dot has really nice and premium design and sound. Compact yet powerful with room filling sound. It's four far field microphones makes the Alexa experience quite impressive. It is better than google mini home overall, Like it has beeter sound quality better response with natural voice and room filling sound. It has really many features and there are list of pros. But there are two things which disappoints me that first is it's voice recognition. It answers anyone. Secondly you can't make calls from Alexa within India. but well Alexa is adding skills on the daily basis.\n\n", "\n\n  This was my second echo dot purchase. However, everything is similar to the first one, I find this one a tad bit quicker to answer queries. I do not know the reason nor can I find one for it to be.Meanwhile, white color is totally white and can be a bit problem if you're using it in a broad open space which may cause it to get dirty from dust.The voice recognition is perfect. However, like Google Nest Home devices, I would like personalized results from voice identification. That would certainly give these device lineup an edge.Spotify device casting is excellent. I find it faster than Google devices. The sound is a bit muffled though due to side firing (?) speaker. I believe one should go for 4th Gen devices from now on.Home automation is a breeze with these devices. I've set up multi room audio and it's one thing that I can say is worth all the money. You may also set up two dots as stereo speakers too.Overall, this is a great device. Just bear in mind, 4th gen is a remarkable improvement over this one.\n\n", '\n\n  Pathetic product. In less than 7 months the device has stopped working. It does not respond to voice commands.On 2 earlier occasions the software crashed and I had to reset and reconfigure the device.Now Amazon will replace it with a old refurbished device. Very poor warranty.If it was possible to give a zero star rating, I would give it.\n\n', '\n\n  Purchase on prime day1black+1silver+1smart light=3999/Echo dot 5- 5300/Quality top notchSound could be better,and bass was medium.Filled a room of 12*12 feed with great sound.Alexa will recognise your words mostly 80%.As i had 2 speakers iam using multi mode to connect 2 at a time.Can play all content via bluetooth.Addition of a battery would ve better..Charger provided was long and good quality.Some times sperker shows offline even if ur connected to a network.Fixing of alexa bugs and the voice requests will be a plus for the speakers.Will recommend if ur buying at 2300 range.\n\n', '\n\n  One of the best deals one can get during Festival Offers!!!- Very very good sound quality as compared to other mini audio devices- Got a combo offer Alexa compatible  smart bulb from Wipro worth Rs 2000 (approx) absolutely free- Must buy as nowadays homes are really transforming into smart homes- Connects with my Obage BT speakers and works absolutely awsome- Need extra caution while connecting to the Network as if you miss any steps will need to re-start all over. But thats with me as I am not a very tech savvy person\n\n', '\n\n  Edit after using for one month.Initially I had hurdles in getting it to wake with our wake word. Due to less sensitive mic than its predecessor. But had received instructions from Amazon team to factory reset my device, following which the performance is better.Giving four stars... as opposed to one star earlier.(Original review) Disappointed with 3rd Gen ... Switched back to old Echo DotI was very happy with Echo Dot old version plastic black one with only concern being speaker volume is limited. Brought this one 3rd Gen and found its voice recognition to be very bad than its predecessor. Often I had to shout to make it listen giving rise to a lot of nuisance to others around and throat pain.  Also its sound was very Bassy...Overall I was very disappointed and switched back to my good old Echo Dot 2nd gen.\n\n', '\n\n  I did a lot of research and after much deliberation, I finally decided to go with Echo dot Gen 3 over Google Nest. I have to say, I am totally loving this. I have connected it to my Smart TV, Fire TV, Wipro Bulbs, Camera and Smart Sockets. Overall, I am satisfied and the device is working as expected. The only minus point is that the power cable is using old-style pin connector instead of mini USB which is more a universal standard.\n\n', '\n\n  Wnna buy only smart speaker--googleWnna get an amazon atmosphere(prime,amazon music,fire tv etc,)--alexaFor a smart speaker its not that smart, nothing works without activating a skill and skills set (trust me not that great, sukhaa pada h yaar) if you only want a smart speaker 🔊 and you are heavily invested in amazon prime and fire tv stick like gadgets and you have other smart compatible devices and you need the help of amazon services very often only then go for it. Until used with amazon family its good but, if you want only a smart speaker then go for google home mini nest version you will be very happy. Alexa is just a very weak ai in front of google\n\n', "\n\n  Don't buy this product if you are not a Amazon prime member.This will work only prime members.I was happy to hear the voice of Alexa that's it. After that what ever I command to Alexa only reply is, this is for prime members.Expect whether report this device don't deliver anything.Planning to return it tomorrow.Please don't get into traps like this.Today they are telling to be a prime member tomorrow they may say upgrade it by paying some money.Thanks Amazon for trapping me. But I won't let others to get trap.\n\n", "\n\n  Alexa speaker is good sound is also good but their is problem with aux port which is not working from first month i didn't use the aux port in first month after a month I was checking Alex booklet and I read that in alexa there is a aux port also I tried to use it but it's not working and than I call to Amazon they didn't help about that I don't know why they just give me a customer support email I am disappointed with Amazon they should solve this problem by phone call\n\n", "\n\n  [1 & 1/2 months Review] Sound iQuality(Bass, Treble, mids)  are awesome for Music. Has no connection issues whatsoever. But is a terrible let down if looking for smart capabilities , mostly coz Alexa isn't as smart or conversive like the Google assistant. It's a smart speaker which isn't really smart. If your looking for music only that then go ahead,but then if your only looking for music go in for JBL or other Bluetooth speakers. Else go for Google home mini. Had to spend a lot of time making Alexa smart with combination of autovoice and tasker\n\n", '\n\n  As Alexa it works really well, great idea behind Alexa & team . But the product the echo dot started giving me some hissing noise on the 3 rd day whenever it replied. I returned the product and got a Alexa Bose home speaker 500. Which is awesome.\n\n', "\n\n  My first Smart SpeakerThis was launched on 11th and I got the product by 12th. Plus the reduced price due to sale and a nice smart bulb for just 500 rupees. Overall I think this was super value for money. I haven't used any other smart speaker before but I am very happy with my purchase. Below are some observations :1. Initially it feels a bit weird talking to a speaker but you get used to it in no time.2. The sound quality is pretty good. You get good depth of sound with decent bass.3. Several skills available and you will definitely find some very useful. For example adding stuff to shopping list or setting up a reminder.4. Understands the Indian accent very well. Sometimes I am amazed by how well it picks up stuff.6. Kids love it. An added advantage is that they can take help for homework and talking to alexa also motivates them to talk in English\n\n", "\n\n  The sound quality is top notch , Alexa talks back in Hindi and makes us smile .. It is even better than google home mini in terms of sound quality .. The light Rim looks really very nice , The build quality is very premium , It catches my voice very easily even if I speak very low , It has the most realistic Voice compared to any other Assistants , It Amazes everyone who visits my home , and the best part is that it speaks Hindi so well and even understands 70% of the commands in Hindi , And in future It's Hindi will definitely improve , This thing worth ⭐ the money ..\n\n", '\n\n  I truly don’t see the point behind Alexa or any smart speaker for that matter.I finally bought it coz it was on offer during sale and I just wanted to see what the fuss was about and I was right, there’s nothing great about a smart speaker.There’s nothing much you can do with it and the charm & novelty wears off quite soon. More of a gimmick than an actually useful gadget.Don’t get me wrong, the product is good but I really don’t see its utility. Buy with your own wisdom & utility.\n\n', '\n\n  Wow! I have echo 2nd generation too. There is huge difference between 2nd and 3rd generation. This one is more sturdy, more stylish and speaker quality is just amazing. I ordered this for my parents. They could set it to easily so m happy with that!They love using this primarily for news and songs. They use it extensively to control all wireless lights too.They are waiting for regional language updates and keep experimenting with alexa everyday :)Thank you amazon!\n\n', "\n\n  My Nephew is in love with it. At first he was surprised how it could answer all his never ending questions. Now he is so attached with it and guess what we are also relieved now, we don't get so bugged by his all sorts of questions now. Some we knew some we had to research. Now he can himself find out his answers and use it as a PDA for himself.Update:I ordered second one for my another nephew's bday. Its great product to introduce technology to the kids.\n\n", '\n\n  many times we still get the red LED with "sorry i am haivng difficulty understanding, pls try after sometime", so its not very stablequite a few pros, which u will see in other reviews, but one thing is that it doesnt have any battery backup, so have to hook it up to UPS and also its music services get lesser if amazon prime is not subscribed (no access to prime music then)\n\n', '\n\n  Not at all a great product .Also only works if power on means u need 24 electricity plugged in . No battery back up.Security of your perosnal life on threats as AI takes all your data of voice when on ...Not user friendly  to use your phone book dailing at all.Over all jst a voice toy with Amazon brand ....\n\n', "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0I have been 2 weeks since I am using it. I am fun using this device. Alexa is like part of our family. Even my grandmom enjoys it. Mostly I am using it for playing music. It is able to play almost all songs. It would be great if we are able to play youtube videos also. Looking forward to exploring more abilities. Hope amazon guys add more skills like compatibility with youtube and gaana.The sound is good in a room. Alexa can hear you from some distance also. Though there are issues while hearing when it's playing on full volume.\n\n", '\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0Sound quality is good,fast response,easy to use.it is a good product and for those who are not much aware about the technology they can also operate easily.you can listen news and if you are feeling bored alexa can tell you good jokes.i m also using wipro smart bulb with Alexa and it is working awesome.i found only one issue sometimes alexa does not respond I think because when we give command from long distance I mean because of mic but overall good product.\n\n', "\n\n  There is nothing for Indians. Searching capability is so poor that you will get irritation. Also listening power is very low. We need to go closer to speaker to say something. Only selected songs and videos can be get through this that are listed in Amazon Music or Amazon Video.  You cannot expect hindi rhythms or hindi old melody separately. Some play list they have created, only that can be played.Today on 15th August I'm returning this after one command that I give - play independence day song, you will get the result once you purchase the Alexa\n\n", "\n\n  It's malfunctioning. For first two days it worked for, later started to malfunction that includes not stoping the music while playing, not responding to commands properly, for first two days it was working really fine , all of a sudeen it stopped taking commands and more even stopped responding . It had to turn it on and off a couple of times, initially it works fine for one command , later it stops responding. I bought it during Amazon big festive sale, may be I ve been given a defective piece or so !!!!! Very bad ...lost interest on Amazon products !!!\n\n", "\n\n  This is one of the best speakers you will get own. The response is improving everyday and the skills are polished continuously. Don't go by the reviews of negetive people as they have a bad accent and then blame it on the speaker, however Hindi is also supported now.Just buy it when you get a deal as I got a free bulb with it.You have to spend a little if you want to be at par with the technology. Since Jio Savan is fully supported you therefore need not get the prime membership in case that is what you are afraid of.\n\n", "\n\n  The only drawback that it has is that it's non-chargeable. You are supposed to plug in everytime you want to use it. Also, since it has a limited cloud data on which it searches for the songs you are looking for, it sometimes is unable to find some lesser known songs. I tried a few songs, used the name of singer as well, but it wasn't able to find the correct one. Other than that, it's perfect.\n\n", '\n\n  I got this product delivered on 10th october and was launched on 11october. What a great delivery. The major difference between second generation and third generation echo dot is.. the sound which is very high in echo dot and also it has 5 microphones so even if the music is loud alexa work can be heard easily. At 2999 introduction priceIts a steal deal. Did lot of stuff like booking pkayed quiz beside playing only songs.\n\n', '\n\n  Nothing to say , ask others have already described it\'s technical features, just try asking her, "hey Alexa, Rasode mein kaun tha?".....I am surprised that how\'s she precisely updated with everyday\'s twitter trending,I liked it\'s precision...PS...I returned this to buy a battery version of it ....it\'s much better.Press helpful if you liked this(  • ‿ •  )\n\n', '\n\n  I love my echo dot device. There some things, which are really good like whisper command. I am using google mini for last 1 year, it is also really good but some diff are really noteworthy. I am living in hostel so I don’t want to disturb my neighbour student in night when I command my echo ,which is far from my bed to switch off my light. In google I have to shout (not loud but still enough) in echo I can just whisper, and it responds every single time.  The second thing is during switching off or switching on the light ,  google repeat the full name of my light for example it shouts ” switching on Nikhil Syska bulb” during night if you have forgotten to lower the volume suddenly you will call google “ switch of the light “ it will shout back “ switching off Nikhil Syska bulb “ but echo dot just say “ok” which way more convenient.Though when it comes to connecting to laptop automatically the scenario is totally opposite , google connects silently just making a ping sound and echo repeats my lappy name.The other thing is buttons in place of touch . I like buttons in place of touch , which make its tough to pick the google , most of the time either it play/ pause the songs or increase / decrease the volume . If I have voice assistance, why would I need touch 🙄.Alexa integration- because I use amazon shoping and I have kindle , the integration is very much useful for me . My echo reads my book for me . It remind me if my order is coming today.Portability - it’s shape makes it less beautiful but good in portability. It fits in my bag so conveniently  just ignore the dangling cable.\n\n', "\n\n  Echo Dot 3rd Gen .Pros - 1. Better sound quality then 2nd gen echo Dot and Google home mini . Echo Dot 3rd Gen has decent amount of Bass also .2. Build Quality is superb .3. It's Blue light looking soo Dashing .4 . It's english recognition is very Good and In english language it's answer all the questions . ButCons - 1. In Hindi language it's performance is not mind blowing . In hindi it has desent performance . Amazon should work in hindi language .I suggest you to buy amazon echo Dot in Amazon sales  Not in regular price .Thank you .\n\n", '\n\n  Complete waste of money, neither I can connect my phone to echo. Dot via Bluetooth nor able to play song of u tube , works on regular power supply thru adapter no battery included.\n\n', '\n\n  I have 3 of them. The first one was great. The second one was ok. But, the problem is that older it’s getting the lesser intelligent it’s becoming. Or are we getting smarter?First of all you really have to shout to make it heard in a 10/12 room. Secondly, it does what you ask it to do after several attempts. 75% of the time you have to repeat yourself to get what you ask for.In short, the AIplatform needs to be upgraded or else it’ll just become a Bluetooth speaker.\n\n', '\n\n  I was very confused between google nest & Eco dot because my Tv is Android,but I choose Alexa and I found ,sound quality is far better than google.But I think google has its own qualities which Alexa cannot reach.Now I think I cannot live without Alexa.\n\n', '\n\n  I am in love with this product. It has everything I want in it, Bluetooth connection, deep sound, unlimited music with Amazon prime and saavn, gorgeous looks with RGB lights casting option directly from mobile app, built quality, pair function with other echo dot and working as left and right pair. And at such great price. I have 3 of these devices and I love them. I also own Google mini but I never used it after owning these echo devices.All in all we are taking these things for granted but I can tell you so many people in R&D must have worked really hard to make products that change our lives and the way we live\n\n', '\n\n  There is nothing to dislike in 3 generation Echo Dot ! Everything about it is made to Perfection. The sound output is just splendid and I own Echo Plus and Echo Dot 2 generation. I regret to have bought the 2 generation Dot since the audio output is pathetic and needs a Bose Bluetooth speaker to do justice but in the case of Dot 3 generation the gadget delivers .... Go for it.\n\n', '\n\n  Amazon Echo devices are a necessary addition to every modern home. It makes life much easier. We have 4 echo devices in our home. Two of them have been linked to my FireTV 4K stick for surround sound. The other two are in two of our rooms and one more is being added in the kitchen. The Intercom facility is a boon as well.Our relatives connect to us with their echo devices at times. Entertainment is the basic feature of the device.In a nutshell, it is a must-buy!Hope this helps..\n\n', '\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0I have been using it since years.Perfect home smart speaker. Sounds crisp and listens carefullyPair a couple of them and get the awesome stereo effect as well .Can be a smart speaker in kitchen , working desk stereo , bed side night audio device. You name it it delivers.Loved this product through out the usage\n\n', "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0i like the product.its sound quality is awesome but can not recognize my voice properly.i have to speak multiple time. if you want a speaker go for it,don't expect anything else.i think it will going to improve in future but for now its only a expensive speaker. ita a made in china product.i returned it to the seller\n\n", "\n\n  The reason for 3 start review is, it can't answer simple questions that Google can answer. When there's music playing, I need to shout loud to tell it to pause. Sound Quality is decent but the microphone seems bad. Was happy with home automation commands....But felt absolutely disappointed with the answers.\n\n", "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0I bought it out of curiosity and I must say it's fun and the sound quality is better than what I was expecting. I am not able to utilise it completely because I don't have many smart items to integrate with right now but it's working perfectly with the Syska smart light which I got in the deal. There is still a lot of space in Making it's AI better. I'm hoping that it can connect with other sites and databases in future to provide more information and to answer query more accurately.\n\n", '\n\n  Using a proprietry power connector for power supply is a big flaw for indian market, where power outage is common, I have my speakers and modem connected with a ups and i am forced to keep alexa at the same place where it doesnt pickup my voice most of the time. A Micro usb port would have been better. I can connect a powerbank to it to make this device portable. In that sense i think google mini is better\n\n', '\n\n  This is a good device (or should I say a Toy). It works exactly as promised. So, no complaints over there.BUT,This is more like a toy to me. The day when I bought this I was very excited to use it but eventually my interest faded and now it is just lying around the house. I use it some times to listen to music nothing more because kab tak aap use weather ya news puchoge ya bate karoge. I even have a fire TV stick to pair it with and use voice commands but it is not perfect search so I end up using remote. I even have a wipro smart bulb but the story remians the same.YOU WILL EVENTUALLY (1 WEEK IN MY CASE) GET BORED WITH THIS TOY.\n\n', '\n\n  Alexa is an Add on Device for me, but my family is loving it. They keep on listening to music, songs etc but when it comes to News, it switches to NDTV which I hate the most. I do not get choice to listen the News from a Particular Channel which Alexa needs to evolve either by asking the Choice or thru Self Evaluation (given the fact that it hears all the conversation even those which are not being asked for).\n\n', '\n\n  I carry echo dot wherever I go. portable and easy to connect.At home, I connect it to my speakers and it works well. while travelling I use it in my room, max volume is perfect for a room. My son 7yrs, asks questions and in most cases gets appropriate answers. Voice recognition is decent, say 15-20 small steps away it does recognize. Smart speaker for budget friendly customers.The max volume could have been higher. Vol 10 is max and it not very loud, good for a mid-size living room. Need additional speakers for party. Limited amazon music collection and many songs may not be in the list. Also, you need to keepp it on charge at all times to use it, no battery option available at the moment.\n\n', "\n\n  Not happy it's an ok product  as it does not catch things fast, to add on Amazon prime would have worked better if it sinks in with you tube and Google along with added new features ( off old and new).Another annoying thing is it keeps giving the entire description (ex - song or any movie ) which cannot be put off.It's goes not have want I want.\n\n", '\n\n  I\'m very happy with my purchase.Initially it feels little bit weird talking to a speaker but you get used to it.Later on talking to Alexa becomes a part of your daily life.✅Things which I like the most are stated below:👍The sound quality is very good.👍You get good depth of sound.👍You can ask any random questions to Alexa.👍It can speak and understand Hindi and English languages.👍It does play all musics from all languages.👍It can tell jokes.👍I also played KBC with Alexa.❌Things which I don\'t like are:👎Sometimes it is unable to understand what you said.👎Most of time Alexa reply "Sorry" because she don\'t know the answers of our command/questions.👎It is a good music player but poor assistant.👎It plays certain songs again and again and doesn\'t let you skip.👎You have to set a play list in your phone or device from which you are operating Alexa. Otherwise you will keep on saying "Alexa play this song. Alexa play that song."👎If you won\'t set any playlist it will stop after every song.👎It is not battery powered.👎has to be kept plugged in all the time.\n\n', "\n\n  It's fun have this at your , but for this price they could Little bit more better on bass front as most of the online music come with good base output . Rest all is fun to use easy to connect, takes time to understand human brains but it's over all fun to have one at home. And makes you little lazy as I have connected all my other device to eco dot. With just one command I take control of my whole house. Best part I can switch on lights remotely even if I am not at home.  So my pet is well taken care. Need to improve on sound out put, as this is more like a personal speaker then really good sound out put.\n\n", '\n\n  Amazing product, fortunate to pick this up during your Sale.  I already bought the Echo last year during its launch, I was keen to buy the Echo Connect but it was not launched in India, so bought this one at a price similar to what it would have costed me to buy the echo input (Wired connection)\n\n', "\n\n  Superb purchase made during the Great Indian Festival Sale by Amazon. I feel so good that I made a right decision of buying this wonderful product by Amazon. It's a small speaker but the sound is enough for a medium to large sized room. It connects with my home Wifi seamlessly.This smart speaker supports voice recognition and it can recognise my voice which is truly amazing.Sound quality is very good and it has a nice clear sound which is loud enough.Alexa integration is the main feature of this product, which is why it's a must-buy for every smarthome.The speaker connects to all my smart devices, namely, Amazon Fire Stick, Wipro Smart Bulb, Wipro Smart Batten, and Wipro Smarthome. It makes my life so easy!Alexa has a lot many supported apps and the number is increasing everyday. You get a lot of interesting apps to use with Alexa. For example, you can order Uber cabs, ask time, play a game, listen to music and what not. This speaker truly leverages the power of Amazon Alexa.\n\n", '\n\n  Amazon alexa in India has limited skills. Spotify is one of those skill that is not available in India.Worst part of Alexa is music playlist cannot be created in any skill that is available. Prime music playlist can be played but, both alexa and prime music account should be same.This is monopoly business.Example: what if you have gifted to your friends. They also should have prime account on their name.Think before you buy.I suggest go for Google smart speaker.\n\n', '\n\n  Latest review.  Using for the last one  yearExcellent. Fully satisfied. Solid performance and value for money.  Built quality is very nice and far ahead of hey google----------------After using for about 6 months, My opinion about Alexa is fantastic and quite useful.Now I am two wifi smart bulbs and Alexa is good at receiving instructions.If we ask for specific song we have to be more precise in asking otherwise we have to repeat the processWhile reading from  audible it is becoming difficult to instruct to go to particular Page. Some pages we may read and some through audibleI love Alexa. Hundreds of skills can be utilised.  Go for it with out any second thoughtReview at the time purchase----------------------------------Fantastic.  Able to understand commands. But on the day of installation we found a bit difficult.  But as we got used to it ,now we are feeling more comfortable.Suggestions..  Still Alexa has to improve in general knowledge section.  Alexa is staring immediately after the wake up word Alexa.. It has to wait for the last word of the command.Example.. If I ask to say about Hrithik Roshan, Instead of saying about Hrithik Roshan it starts playing Hrithik Roshan songs. Even news section also , previously read news paper only it is reading again.But once got used to it ,then it is amazing experience.  Go for it right now.  Sound quality is awesome. Play with it continuously, then you will come to know how to make use of Alexa.\n\n', '\n\n  Good Product go fir it.Pros:1.Easy to configure and set the device.2.It supports All India Radio stations also like Vivid Bharti and few other regional stations.3.Response time is very quick.4.Sound is loud and clear.Good for single room or Living room.5.Support Hindi version as well.Cons:1.Always required continues power supply(requires AC power).\n\n', "\n\n  I bought it from amazon great Indian sale for Rs.3000 and am totally happy with the device.• Sound quality more then what I expected.• Very good hardware.• Full premium look and feel.• 4 microphones don't fail you even in considerable noise around.• Lots of things to say to Alexa and you can add more skills using amazon echo application.• good bass.• You can even customize a few things like you can make the device listen to you by saying Computer or Echo instead of Alexa.•Even better if you have Amazon Prime subscription.• Supports bluetooth and has a audio jack.A product you won't regret. Am planning to buy another one.\n\n", '\n\n  Excellent product.Bought for the price of 1999/- (during great Indian festival) cherry on the cake was the wipro smart bulb that came free worth 599/- and was easily integrated with Alexa.The sound quality is great for a small bedroom. Alexa voice recognition is  also superb.With or without discounts, its a great piece of tech to add to your household.Kids will love it too!!!\n\n', '\n\n  Bad experience. Bad purchase. Not able to play songs other than Amazon play. Limited songs in Amazon. Response level also bad. Asking something respond something else. Called Amazon help line but no luck. With no option returned back. I prefer Google home mini. Flawless. I think it is for Indian users.\n\n', "\n\n  No wonder Amazon has tried hard to make this speaker smart but it fails to expect as per the aura which has been built around this product.At most this is a 'Smart Music Player' and not a smart assistant. The alexa needs to improve a lot. Alexa responds only to simplest of requests and responce in a little twisted scenario goes out for a six.Voice quality of speaker is good. The recognition capacity of Microphone is outstanding.Overall it is a safe purchase and can be bought. I hope Amazon improves it over a period of time. (Yes, I mean a lot).\n\n", '\n\n  The room has converted into a smart home. But it is a costly affair. First of all you need a wifi connection then you need all smart acessories or appliances to pair with Alexa such as Smart Plug, Smart Bulb, IR Blaster(require in case of non-smart appliance like AC). Overall it gives an esteem feeling. The echo dot 3 is good. But I expected a beter sound from the device.\n\n', '\n\n  Worth the money. Could work better on voice recognition. Otherwise pretty decent.Sound quality is better than what I had expected.Overall, Alexa is a better option than Google home.\n\n', '\n\n  i purchased the alexe echo dot device for my grand daughter 3 days bach. i was unable to set up the device .i and my son struggled for several hours for 2 days. then we called customer support. while they talk very sweetly they do not keep their promises . no mail is received . no return phone call as promised. we have to continousy follow up leavng all our other work. after paying 4000rupees this is a big punishment. the device cannot connect to the wi-fi. the customr support came to the conclusion that the device is DEFECTIVE , and will be replaced . i do not know when . i am keeping folded hands praying. THIS IS THE FATE OF ON LINE SHOPPING WITH AMAZON\n\n', '\n\n  I bought this product for just tryout and mainly because of the offer season trust it me guys its more than a tryout now it controls everything that has a wifi built into it and has a Internet access, not your phone though.But it can make a call to your phone if you install Alexa app into your mobile phone.Control your light plugs and you can even make a call to Alexa to with making changes in your settings of hors and the other persons Alexa device. All this happens just by commanding it through your voice.It truly is a smart device\n\n', '\n\n  Alexa is good in understanding the Indian accent and covering Hindi-English language , it does the job of voice assistant in terms of managing devices around... I tried controlling my Denon AVR X2500h with Alexa, it does the basic task of paying song, changing volume, but can\'t change the music mode etc. Similarly I can control my Airtel Internet TV set top box once set-top box is swith on, it can not swith it on or off.So it gets the work done upto certain extend but not completely.The biggest problem which is see with Echo devices is that it can not get the information from web though it is connected to internet always, for every thing to do it needs skill.Ideally it should go to web to find some basic answers instead of saying "I don\'t know".If anyone wants to use it just for playing music then this is one of the best smart speaker available in market in given price.\n\n', "\n\n  We have been using it for months. Kids love it. Though Echo may not always find the Telugu songs we intend it to play, we can find the song in Amazon music app and play it once, Echo will pick it. We have to give the song details as per the song info showing in Amazon music app. We keep Echo on top of our fridge to keep it out of reach of my 3 year old. Sometimes it will not catch our commands, so we have to turn it so that it's microphone hears our commands clearly. It is good that Echo can read a story to my kid, from the same page we last read in our Kindle. Overall happy with it.\n\n", "\n\n\n  Your browser does not support HTML5 video.\n\n\n  \xa0Best product I seen online and most useful now-a-days. It's useful for reminders, alarms and Morning suprabhatham playing automatically. Its voice is so clear. Light weight and neat finishing. Four microphones is best feature of this product. Have maximum access to songs and rhymes and information.\n\n", "\n\n  I would like to take some time while explaining my experiences with Alexa.Initially, I was very skeptiCal about these devices, and I was manuovered by the feelings that these devices are just a marketing propaganda and there is no practical use of it. Adding to the woes is the electronic items from Amazon which is not a specialist in such items also magnified my negative images for such devices.My eleder brother ordered this device for his use and the lockdown offered me some time to spend with my family including Alexa device.  I am writing the review after regular two week use of the devices and my feedback is followingPros-Timely delivery by Amazon.Great packing.Easy to setup the device.Amazing sound quality, I was amazed to see that a pocket fitting devices can produce such loud and clear output.Very prompt reply from the device upon any request.Multi language support.Works very fluently with the mobile hotspot.Smart home integration is awesome.ConsAlexa gets upset sometimes as housewife's do. You just need to set it again.Final verdict- just go for it. It's a super device.\n\n", '\n\n  A bit suprised by how lpud the speaker is, voice recognition is good with the fan on at full speed.Tried using an RCA to Aux to connect this to an old Sony BluRay. This allowed me to play songs from my phone on the old Sony, but frankly the audio could be way louder and clearer.The Wipro smart bulb works without issues.\n\n']